President Donald J. Trump: (01:14)
Thank you very much and hello, Kenosha. It’s nice to be back. It’s nice to be back. We spent a little time with you, a little law and order. We brought law and order to Kenosha. Right? That’s what we want. And hello, Wisconsin. Big day, tomorrow, big, big day, big day. And I think we’re going to do very well in Wisconsin just like we did four years ago. And it’s an honor to be with you. Thank you.

Audience: (01:41)
USA! USA! USA! USA!

President Donald J. Trump: (01:51)
And this is a lot of people. This is a lot of people. See, you know what that means? That means we don’t have to pay for the microphones because they did a bad job. Tomorrow, we are going to win this state and we are going to win four more years in the White House. And with your vote, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut regulations, support our police, support our great military, protect your second amendment. It’s under siege, but don’t worry about it, unless sleepy Joe got in, then you can forget about your second amendment, defend religious liberty and ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, Made in the USA.

President Donald J. Trump: (02:46)
Next year we will be, and you know, we’re going to be together next year. We’re going to be together for four more years and we’re going to be together forever because we’re doing things that nobody’s ever done and we’re doing them together. And it was my pleasure to be with you a number of months ago when you were in the news, right? You were in the news.

Audience: (03:16)
Turn it up! Turn it up! Turn it up! Turn it up!

President Donald J. Trump: (03:20)
Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. And I hope you can hear. Can you hear it back there by the way?

Audience: (03:33)
No!

President Donald J. Trump: (03:34)
Yes, no?

Audience: (03:35)
No!

President Donald J. Trump: (03:38)
Hold it. Okay. That was the problem. You got to get the microphones fixed.

Audience: (03:48)
Four more years! Four more years! Four more years! Four more years!

President Donald J. Trump: (03:48)
What’s wrong here? How’s that? Is that getting better? And they was supposed to pay these people, right? No. Is that better? Come on. Okay. We’ll do this. We’ll have to improvise, you know? Sometimes you have to improvise. Okay. You ready? Which is better, this one or this one? Which one? This one. Is that better? Can you hear? This could be a very uncomfortable evening for me. All right. We’ll figure this out. Come on. Let’s go. Good job fellers. I’m always saying I want a perfect mic. Good job. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Is that better now?

Audience: (05:12)
Yes!

President Donald J. Trump: (05:12)
So this is the first time I’ve ever used a head held for an hour, two hours, three hours. No, we have one more tonight. After this, Grand Rapids. We finish up at Grand Rapids and we finished up there four years ago, and a little bit superstitious. Let’s do it the same way. We came here. We came to grand Rapids. Let’s keep it going. And I hope everyone can hear me now. Yes? Yeah? All the way back there. All the way back. Good. You let me know. You’re not shy. I was wondering. Everyone’s going, I thought they didn’t like me, I was saying. I’m not sure. I said, “What’s going on over here?” Right? Good. Thank you very much.

President Donald J. Trump: (05:53)
So under my leadership, our economy is now growing at the fastest rate ever recorded, 33.1%, fastest every recorded. We created a record 11.4 million jobs in the last five months. That’s a record. And while foreign nations are in free fall, we are creating an economic powerhouse unrivaled anywhere in the world. A recent Gallup poll found that 56% of Americans say they’re better off today than they were four years ago. That’s under the auspices of Barack Hussein and sleepy Joe Biden.

President Donald J. Trump: (06:39)
You’re not going to want to have Joe Biden. You know, see the media. Look at all the media back there. If they had to cover him for two months, they’d say, “We have to bring the President back. We have to bring Trump back.” They would be out of business. They would be out of business. If Biden, Harris and the radical left gain power, they will collapse our economy and send your nation, this wonderful nation, into a depression. This is the only guy I’ve ever seen who runs by saying, “We will,” he doesn’t say it like that. He goes, “We will.” “We will raise your taxes.” I never heard that before. You know, I’ve covered politicians. I’ve been friends with politicians. I’ve been enemies also, but I’ve never seen somebody saying we will raise your taxes. They want to give you the largest tax increase in the history of our country, and we can’t let that happen. We can’t let that happen.

President Donald J. Trump: (07:42)
So get out and vote. Tomorrow will be, I think, will be the most important election in the history of our country, and I never thought I’d say that. I never thought I’d say it. So get out and vote. Sleepy Joe Biden will raise your taxes $4 trillion, massively increase your regulations, shut down your farms, close down your factories… How’s he doing so far? Send your jobs overseas, they started booing him. I don’t know. Is this guy really thinking about, I mean, could he really win? Are we serious about this? What the hell is going on? Is he serious? Guy has no clue. He’s shot. Some people are shot. He’s shot. Did you see him today with the aviators, right, the glasses, right? Came on very tough. He’s very agitated. You know, it’s like sort of like going crazy. Destroy the suburbs, dissolve your borders, terminate religious liberty, outlaw private healthcare, confiscate your guns. Second amendment is in deep trouble. Not with me it’s not. You notice it hasn’t been touched. Right? It hasn’t been touched. You think that was easy? It wasn’t easy. And indoctrinate your children with anti-American lies.

President Donald J. Trump: (09:15)
So I just signed an executive order to teach our students pro-American values, pro-American values. Biden has vowed to abolish the American oil and natural gas industries and ban fracking. Now, from your standpoint, you don’t like it because you don’t want energy costs going up, right? That’s what he’d do. Biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty from Wisconsin to Michigan, Nevada, Pennsylvania. As long as I am President, we’ll remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas in the world. And we are right now. And we will remain energy independent. You know, we’re energy independent. We don’t need foreign nations anymore, but we have good relationships in the Middle East.

President Donald J. Trump: (10:07)
You know where we’re doing peace in the Middle East. Do you believe it? No blood in the sand, peace in the Middle East. Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure on foreign Wars. You know what they call them? The endless foreign wars, countries that many of you have never heard about. What?

Audience: (10:34)
Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up! We love you! We love you! We love you!

President Donald J. Trump: (11:08)
I don’t know. I think we’re doing fine with this mic, right? I don’t want to put this guy under pressure. You’re on stage. You got 27,000 people watching. Don’t get nervous. Oh, he’s not nervous. He’s a professional. I’ll give you the name of his company. Never use that company. No, he’s fine. Don’t worry about it. This is okay. This isn’t. Oh, you want to just put it in there? Well, is it the same mic as the other one? It’s a different mic. That means that one’s supposed to be better, right? That’s not good. All right. Okay. We’ll take that sucker out of there. Right? Congratulations. Go ahead. Do you want to put it in? How’s he doing? He’s doing a good job, right? Come on.

Audience: (11:54)
We love you! We love you! We love you!

President Donald J. Trump: (12:08)
[inaudible 00:12:08] Now we’re back where we started. See? The whole deal. We’re right back where we started. I take the mic out. Okay. Okay. You know what? And then I won’t pay the bill of the company that does this crazy microphone. And they’ll do a story, “Trump is a horrible human being. He doesn’t pay bills.” No, I don’t like to pay bills when people do a bad job. You don’t either. But I don’t know. They look like nice people. They come from Kenosha. So I’m going to pay the bill anyway. What the hell? You know? Well, at least I proved one thing. You know, did you ever see where I lift the glass of water and I wear the red tie. They’re sort of expensive. And you know, you don’t like to spill water on the red tie. Right? So sometimes I’ll use two hands because I want to catch the water, because I want to save the time because I’m basically cheap, you know? So I’ll take the water and I’ll go like this, and I’ll take a little sip and they’ll say, “There’s something wrong with him.” No, I’m trying to save.

President Donald J. Trump: (13:14)
So I go like this. So now, by holding a mic all night long like this, you’re going to say, “Well, there’s nothing wrong with that right hand or left hand.” No, did you ever hear that? There’s something wrong. He can’t lift a glass of water. No, I have no problem with it. Some day I may, like Joe, but I don’t have any problem.

President Donald J. Trump: (13:32)
Biden was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the World Trade Organization. Think of it. You lost half of your manufacturing jobs after the betrayals. These were betrayals by a lot of people and Biden was one of them. He’s a corrupt politician and he sold out Wisconsin to China. But he’s a corrupt politician and these people never told you that, and they don’t want to write about it, and big tech doesn’t want to talk about it, and it’s off bounds, and they’re not allowed to talk, and we have suppression. We have suppression. This is a media suppression, the likes of which nobody has ever seen. And if you take a look, you’ve never seen anything like it… The last famous last words. Right? But no, nobody’s ever seen anything like it.

President Donald J. Trump: (14:24)
You know, his son walks in. His son had no job. He left the military. Unfortunately, it wasn’t good. And then what happens is the father becomes Vice President, and this kid becomes like a human vacuum cleaner. He follows the father into countries. “Dad, who are you going to today?” “Well, let’s go to China.” And he’s a vacuum cleaner. Follows the father, takes in money. Right? It’s terrible. They give him one and a half billion dollars, one and a half billion. Think of it, one and a half billion dollars, and he gets fees off that, millions of dollars a year. There’s only one problem. He has no experience investing money. They give him the money. They gave him the money after 10 minutes. I think our Congress has to take a look at that. What do you think, fellas? I think you’re going to have to look at it.

President Donald J. Trump: (15:12)
Can you imagine? You know, I have a lot of my kids here tonight. Could you imagine if my kids said, “Yeah, dad, I got a billion and a half dollars from China.” Oh, I don’t think they’d want to write about that, the fake news. Do you think they’d write about that? Then he gets three and a half million dollars from the mayor of Moscow’s wife. Right? What did he get that for? Remember I asked that at the debate, the first debate, I said it. Chris Wallace thought it was an inappropriate question. Really? I think. You think? Chris Wallace. No, I must tell you. I think Kristen did a better job, Kristen Welker. Right? And I don’t mean she was perfect. Actually, some people said she wasn’t really very nice. I thought she was nice. Relatively speaking, she was great for what I got.

President Donald J. Trump: (15:57)
How about the one, Savannah Guthrie. You see that one? That was another beautiful. Live at nine o’clock, she’s jumping out of a chair. She’s like going crazy. But we all do well. You know, I don’t get questions like he gets. He gets, “Sir, what kind of ice cream are you eating?” Did you see that? They never asked me questions like that.

President Donald J. Trump: (16:18)
In 2016, Wisconsin voted to fire this corrupt, and really it’s like corrupt, corrupt political establishment. Right? And you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting America first, finally putting America first. And if I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m not a politician. Right? If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for you, and nobody has ever fought harder for you than I am. I will tell you. Nobody.

President Donald J. Trump: (17:03)
When the violent mob came to Kenosha, Biden opposed sending in the National Guard. Of course you remember this, right? He didn’t want to send in the Guard. He thought it was terrible to send in the Guard. And we sent in the Guard and we saved Kenosha. We saved Kenosha. I said, “You know, I think Kenosha is going to like me.” We did a good job. I wish they sent them in a little bit earlier. Right? If we had them in a little bit earlier, but that’s okay. That’s okay. But we sent in and how good did the Guard do though? Did we do the job? Did they do the job?

President Donald J. Trump: (17:41)
Biden and Kamala, does anybody know who Kamala is? This wonderful woman, she wants to be your first female president. I don’t think so. I don’t think so. You know, that’s a good reason not to vote for sleepy Joe, too. Right? You don’t want to do that. We all want to see that happen someday, but we don’t want this to be the one. Right. But they’re waging war on our police. You know that. We have a lot of police here tonight. I recognize it because I went and I met all of the police. I met a lot of great police, federal police. I’ve met the whole group and you have great police.

Audience: (18:31)
Back the blue! Back the blue! Back the blue! Back the blue!

President Donald J. Trump: (18:31)
I agree with that. But I stand with the heroes of law enforcement and I was honored to be endorsed by Kenosha County Sheriff, David Beth. Thank you, David, wherever you may be. Where’s David? Thank you, David. That was so nice. That was so nice. They like you out there, David. That’s very good. Appreciate it, David. Thank you very much. And as I’m sure you’ve heard, Biden’s far left supporters are threatening to loot and riot tomorrow if they don’t get their way, if they don’t get their way. Are we-

President Donald J. Trump: (19:03)
… if they don’t get their way, if they don’t get their way. Are we all ready, David? Everybody ready? If they know we’re ready and if they know we’re not playing games, they won’t even be here. They won’t show up. It’s like I brought an old law into existence when I saw them going around all over the country, knocking down statues and monuments. And we signed, we brought it in, and I signed it, updated it, signed it 10 years in prison if you knocked down a statue or monument. And you don’t see it anymore. They look and they say, “Oh, we’d like to knock that one down, but you know what, 10 years is too much, darling. Let’s leave now.” This is yet more evidence why the radical left cannot be trusted with power. We strongly condemn political violence. We condemn it and we condemn it strongly.

President Donald J. Trump: (19:51)
Biden must tell his supporters. He doesn’t really have supporters, let’s face it. He doesn’t have supporters. They got shot. He doesn’t have. There’s an ideology that has supporters and he’s just the vessel. He happened to be the one that got through, because Elizabeth Warren instead of getting out like she should have and letting Bernie take it. Bernie, I’ve got to tell you, he is a great loser. He really is. He loses. It happened with Hillary and it had happened with Elizabeth Warren. What she did was incredible. That’s a similar philosophy. But Biden ended up being there. Biden ended up being there and that’s the way it is, and he has to tell his supporters. And I think you’re going to see something. Look at the people over here. They go, “Oh, hello.” Can you actually hear this? Can you hear this?

President Donald J. Trump: (20:46)
Because this is the worst microphone I’ve ever used in my life. Can you actually hear me over there? They can. In the back, all the way back. That’s good. Thank you. I can’t believe it. It sounds terrible to me. It doesn’t sound great, right? To me, it doesn’t sound great. It’s all right. Good. You know what? Keep saying it. That Bill, he says, “Don’t pay him. Don’t pay him.” Did you hear that, Johnny? Don’t pay the damn bill, would you please? A piece of garbage they gave me. It’s not even the first rate mic. The good one, it’s put to rest. We put it the rest. The good one, we put the rest. All right, don’t pay him. But as President, I will ensure peace and order in this country. We are going to have peace and order. And you’re going to have a day tomorrow the likes of which I think people haven’t seen in a long time, a long time. You’re going to have a red way. It’s going to be a beautiful sight.

President Donald J. Trump: (21:49)
And you know what? We actually have a country that outside of a radical group, and this is a radical group, but we have a country that’s very well united. When you look at a group of people like this, it’s incredible. And I go from here, I go I told you, Grand Rapids. They say they have 40,000, 50,000 people in Grand Rapids. Last night in Florida, we had 45,000 people. No problem. Everybody’s in love. Everybody loves our country. It’s a beautiful thing. I’m telling you, there’s a lot of unity. We just don’t complain. We don’t complain, we just go out and do what we have to do. But you know, when we were having that incredible run, we were doing the best, and now we’re almost at that same point, and we’ll be there soon. But our country was uniting. We were getting calls. We had the best employment numbers ever African American, Asian American, Hispanic American. And we were getting calls like, “Maybe it’s time we get together.:

President Donald J. Trump: (22:50)
Because success brings people together. Success brings people together, and you’re going to see that happening, because we’re having numbers the likes of which we’ve never had before. Think of it, 33.1%. Nobody’s ever had that. The highest was 1952, and it was less than half of that number. So rioting, looting, and arson will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. I’m just telling you that right now. I’m telling you that right now, that if people are, I hate to see where they put boards up on a window, this shouldn’t be that, it shouldn’t be that, but we are a country of law and order. We have to be. We are. And do you notice, I hate to say it, but it’s true, these are Democrat mayors and governors, there are Democrat run cities and states. They’re the ones, if you look at New York and Chicago, and how about Portland, which is anarchists? We could solve that problem.

President Donald J. Trump: (23:58)
We tell the Governor, “You want us to solve the problem? We solve it in 30 minutes.” We solved it in Seattle. We went in, we were going to go in the morning, we announced we’re going in, in the morning, and they just raised their hands and they left the night before. And we did a great job in Minneapolis. We did a great job. We’re going to win Minnesota for two reasons. We did a great job. Now, they could have called. They could have let us do it a week and a half early. That would have been nice, so that the announcer, remember the anchor, you looked over, he says, “This is a peaceful protest.”

Speaker 1: (24:30)
[ inaudible 00:00:24:36].

President Donald J. Trump: (24:48)
Thank you. What a group, what a group. What a group. I’ve gotten to know this state very well. You surprised. You’re the one that put us over the top, you know that, right? Remember? We were waiting for Pennsylvania, four years ago, we’re waiting for Pennsylvania. They didn’t want to call it. Oh, they were going crazy, these people. They were crying. They didn’t know what the hell was happening. They said, “This will be a very short evening for Donald Trump.” Four years ago, right? And they were just, oh, they were looking forward. Remember the woman crying in the convention center, that beautiful? Remember the woman, she was going crazy, glasses, her head’s going? I wonder where she is right now. They put her away. No, no. This was not a person that I was easily going to convince to be on my side I think. She was going crazy. But remember at the beginning, they show everyone’s happy, everyone’s thrilled? They spent a fortune.

President Donald J. Trump: (25:45)
It was one of the most beautiful things I’ve ever seen in terms of a stage. They had it shaped like the United States. Hello, Becca. Are you okay? But that was a hell of an evening. And this evening is going to be, I’m telling you, tomorrow, it’s going to be, I can’t say bigger. Was there ever anything as big? I’ll tell you, the election is more important, but the evening will be as good or almost as good. And that’s okay too. But that was a first, right? That was a first. That was some evening. That was some evening. “He won Florida. He won Ohio. He won it all.”

Speaker 1: (26:26)
Four more years! Four more years! Four more years!

President Donald J. Trump: (26:29)
Thank you.

Speaker 1: (26:30)
Four more years! Four more years! Four more years! Four more years!

President Donald J. Trump: (26:38)
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. And because of the microphone, we are giving you back half of your admission price. But considering that you paid nothing, I’m sorry, you’re getting nothing. The price is right. Nah, it’s fine. But wasn’t that something though where they say, the evening begins and they say, “This is going to be very quick.” You know what happened? They did exit polls and a lot of the people said, “None of your business.” “Oh, who did you vote for?” “None of your business.” That meant Trump. And they did 44%. You know that, 44% of the people said none of your business? And that meant Trump. They call it the none of your business vote. But almost all of them, I think maybe all of them, were Trump so they didn’t count him. So they said, “Oh, this is going to be a blowout tonight.” But they didn’t realize.

President Donald J. Trump: (27:34)
These pollsters haven’t been doing so good with me, and we blew it out. It was incredible. It started with Ohio. Remember? We’re going to do great in Ohio tomorrow too, by the way. Great place. “Donald Trump has won the state of Ohio. That’s a big state.” I heard for a year while we were doing this, “You cannot win unless you win the state of Ohio.” Every night they did it. And then all of a sudden poll numbers started coming out that I was leading in Ohio. But anyway, they thought I was going to win by one point. I won by eight. They said, “He won Ohio. He won by eight points. What the hell is going on here? That’s a lot.” And then they said, “Oh no. Oh no, please don’t tell me this. Donald Trump has won the state of Florida. No, no, no, no. Please, please, please, please.” Remember Martha Raddatz, ABC? “Oh my God. Oh please. Please don’t tell me this. Oh no, I’m a neutral. I’m very neutral. I don’t do it. Please.”

President Donald J. Trump: (28:35)
Martha, you’re neutral? Please, the tears, wipe them away quickly. No. Then we won Florida. Then we won Georgia. Then we won South Carolina. Then we won the firewall, was remember North Carolina? That’s their firewall. We were going to win North Carolina. They put so much money into North Carolina, but we had an asset from North Carolina named Lara. Lara, Lara Trump, married to married to the legendary Eric Trump. Where are you? Are you two there? We had a big asset there, Lara Trump. And she knew that area so well and they loved her so much. They loved her so much. And they just had another baby and they named the baby Carolina. They named the baby Carolina. And I tell you though, but I said, “We have to give South Carolina some credit too for that.”

Speaker 1: (29:41)
Bring them up. Bring them up.

President Donald J. Trump: (29:43)
Bring them up. Come on up. Get over here. Come on. Bring them up. Bring them up. Great. Come on, come on, Lara. This one, they love her in North Carolina, South Carolina, Pennsylvania. And they love her in Wisconsin too. Here you go.

Lara Trump: (30:07)
Oh my God. I’m done now apparently. Wisconsin, who here is ready for four more years? A vote for Donald Trump is a vote for freedom. A vote for Donald Trump is a vote for the future. A vote for Donald Trump is a vote for God. And a vote for Donald Trump is a vote for America. How do you guys feel? Are we going to win Wisconsin? Let’s go do this a second time. Thank you.

President Donald J. Trump: (30:54)
Great job. Thank you very much. Thank you, honey. Thanks, Eric. Thanks, sweetheart. They’re doing a good job. They’re working hard, I’ll tell you. They’re all working hard. They’re all working hard. We have a whole group of family. This is like a family reunion tonight. Well, this is now the big time, because tomorrow’s the big day and we have one more stop. Actually, I did five today, but I could say I did six, because in Miami we finished at close to two o’clock in the morning. So let’s add that sixth today after Grand Rapids. Joe Biden is bought and paid for by big tech, big media, and powerful special interests. You know that. They own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding. And when he raises $300 million for this campaign in a short period of time ask him, what deals did you have to make? Because I would be the greatest fundraiser of all time. I can call the Wall Street guys, I know them all I could say, ” Send me $25 million immediately, please.” “Yes, sir, Mr. President. I will.”

President Donald J. Trump: (32:05)
But once you do that, you’re totally compromised. You can’t do anything properly once you do that. And I say, “I don’t want to do that.” And we did very well with the fundraising stuff, but a lot of it came in small donations. First time a Republican has ever raised a lot of money with small donations. $61 average or something like that. Every corrupt force in American life has betrayed you and hurt you, and they’re all supported by Joe Biden. The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars, they’re supported by Sleepy Joe Biden. The career politicians that offshored your industries. And you had plenty off shore, and decimated your factories, they support Joe Biden. The open borders lobbyists, all the people that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs, and crime, and you know a lot about that, they support Joe Biden. The anti-American radicals defaming our noble history, heritage, and heroes, they support Joe Biden. That’s cancel culture. We don’t believe in cancel culture, do we?

President Donald J. Trump: (33:22)
Antifa and the rioters and looters and Marxists and left-wing extremists, they all support Joe Biden. This election comes down to a simple choice, do you want to be ruled by the corrupt and selfish political class or do you want to be governed by the American people? That’s what it’s all about. It’s the American people. They’ve taken that away. They’ve taken it away, and what’s going on with big tech and what’s going on with the media, nobody has ever seen anything like it. There’s never been anything like it. Nobody has seen anything like it, where you can’t have a scandal if there’s nothing written about it. It’s a pretty [inaudible 00:34:08]. A vote for Biden is a vote to give control of government over to the globalist and communists and socialists and wealthy liberal hypocrites, hypocrites who want to silence, censor, cancel, and punish you. These are real, real trouble.

President Donald J. Trump: (34:27)
If you want your children to be safe, if you want your values to be respected, if you want to be just treated with dignity and respect, then I am asking you tomorrow to go out and vote for your all time favorite President, because we still have work to do.

Speaker 1: (35:07)
Four more years! Four more years! Four more years!

President Donald J. Trump: (35:07)
Thank you.

Speaker 1: (35:07)
Four more years! Four more years!

President Donald J. Trump: (35:12)
Thank you. Remember what I said four years ago, I am your voice and we will all together make America great again. That’s what we’re doing. It’s what we’ve done. For the last four years, the depraved swamp has tried everything to stop me. Can you imagine if they didn’t do the hoax. The Russia hoax? Russia, Russia, Russia. How about Schiff getting up the other day, the laptop from hell, right? Where’s Hunter? Where’s Hunter? Is Hunter here? Where’s Hunter? Oh, he’s in a country. I see, his father just left the country. He’s going to scam them for a couple of bucks. Where is Hunter? No, but he’s got the laptop from hell and Schiff got up with the watermelon head, like I want a watermelon, and he goes, “This was produced by Russia.” These people are crazy, I tell you. Ay yi yi, what a crazy bunch. But they know I don’t answer to them, I answer to you. It’s true.

President Donald J. Trump: (36:13)
Look, I didn’t need this. I didn’t need this. I had a very nice life. I had a very nice life, but you know what? It’s the greatest thing I ever did, because no administration, no President in the first three and a half years, the biggest tax cut in history, the biggest regulation cuts, rebuilding our military, look at what we’ve done, look at what we’ve done. Our vets just gave a 91% approval rating. The highest in history, the highest in history. No, look at what we’ve done. Space Force, I never even talked about Space Force. I never talked. I realized we needed it after I was in office. I looked, I saw. I saw a rush. I saw China. I said, “We need Space Force.” First time in 74 years, new one, right? A new one, right, Congressman? We did a great job on it. Together we will defeat the corrupt establishment, we will dethrone the failed political class, we will drain the Washington swamp, and we will save the American dream, a dream for your children, your grandchildren, a dream for your children and your grandchildren.

President Donald J. Trump: (37:26)
We have the energy and the people to prove the corrupt media wrong. And that’s what we have, we have an energy like no movement has ever had in this country. Somebody would go in and do well in New Hampshire, as an example. I’m thinking about one man, because I have a lot of respect for him, he did well. Came in second in a primary and he became famous for many years. What we did is we won all the primaries, we won everything, and then we won the Presidency. No, there’s never been a movement like this. And now they go after us illegally. They spied on our campaign.

President Donald J. Trump: (38:03)
Now they go after us illegally, they spied on our campaign. Our campaign, it’s not my … our campaign. They tried to take out a duly elected President of the United States and we caught them, and we caught them and let’s see what happens to them. And you know who was a part of it? Barack Hussein Obama.

Audience: (38:21)
Boo!

President Donald J. Trump: (38:22)
And sleepy Joe Biden and plenty of others, like Comey, et cetera, but plenty of others, but they were a part of it. So now we’ll see what happens, right? We’re going to see, we’re going to see what happens. So, but you have to get out and vote, this is the biggest thing, get out and vote. By the way, who’s already voted? All right, that’s not … but we have a tendency to vote on election day, republicans. So let me ask you, who is planning to vote tomorrow? Very important, very important. Is anybody planning to vote for sleepy Joe Biden, please raise your hand? Does anybody have the courage? Raise your hand. No, all right, yeah, get out and vote. Well, that’s good, that’s a lot of people. So a lot of you vote a little bit early then? Do you trust the ballot system? Do you do early voting or do you do the ballot? Early, I like early better, early as good. Early is good, ballot is not good. We got a very horrible, horrible ruling from the Supreme Court of the United States, a ruling that puts our country in danger, actually. On Pennsylvania, they have so much time to do this thing. Oh, let them put their votes in and give them plenty of time. We have a date, it’s called November 3rd. We don’t have a date that says, many days later. We don’t have a date that says you’re allowed to go and start putting your vote in later. And we can tabulate it later, take your time. The whole world is waiting to find out and there’s great danger in that, number one, there’s danger that there’s a lot of shenanigans that go on from that time forth. There’s a lot of shenanigans. And then there’s a lot of bad things that can happen with the streets. I mean, you’re going to have a population that’s going to be very, very angry, and you just can’t do that. That is such a dangerous decision. That is such a disappointment when I heard that decision. That’s a terrible decision, just you go take a look at it. And I know you people are taking a look at it, but there’s not a decision that I’ve ever heard of like that.

President Donald J. Trump: (40:27)
Where people … if you want to put your ballot in, and if you wanted to … you go and you put it into a three or four weeks early. You don’t go and put your … he said, you had a whole year, you had a lot of time. You had a lot of time. So they say, “Oh, this is so terrible.” They gave them extra time and then all the time. So now we’re going to be all waiting around because Pennsylvania … we’re going to win Pennsylvania, it’s a great state. But you know it’s in like you, it’s in a total shutdown, they shut it down. The governor is a Democrat, he shut it down. It’ll probably open on the 4th. It’ll open … He’ll announce, “Ladies and gentlemen now that the election’s over, we’re going to open it up.” Right? But you can’t do that. That’s a very, very dangerous decision by the Supreme Court. I guess it was a political decision. I don’t know what it was. I don’t know what they were thinking.

President Donald J. Trump: (41:17)
And you know what, maybe I should, maybe I shouldn’t be speaking this way. I’m very disappointed on behalf of this country that a thing like this could happen. Because we could be waiting for weeks before we ever find out what’s going on. The whole world is waiting for this decision. It’s a very sad, it’s a very sad thing. And hopefully it’s going to be changed. Hopefully, their wisdom … and they have wisdom. Hopefully their wisdom will prevail and they’ll do something. And lawyers will be going in and there’ll be fighting. But people, in fact, it’s all over television tonight. I’m coming from place to place, and the good thing about Air Force One, it’s got more televisions then any hotel room in the world, okay? You have him on the floors you have on the ceilings, you have them all over.

President Donald J. Trump: (42:02)
And you see the comments that are being made about the decision. And some of the pros are saying, this is a very dangerous decision for our country because so many things, I mean, they’re going to say, well, how many votes short are we? We need 6,000 votes. Well, let’s take 6,000 of these. We’ll put them over here. Let’s take 6,000 of these. It’s going to be cheating. It’s going to be cheating. It’s like, they’re putting these people … and you know what, we don’t consider the people that have been running elections in Philadelphia to be very honest. We’ve had a lot of problems with Philadelphia. So that’s the story and hopefully that’ll be changed. And I’m sure the people would say, “Oh, you shouldn’t speak that way about the Supreme Court.” We’ve had so many bad decisions out of the Supreme Court that I will speak that way and that’s the way it is.

President Donald J. Trump: (42:49)
This election is also a choice between a deadly Biden lockdown and a safe vaccine that ends … and by the way, we’re rounding the turn anyway, but we have great vaccines. We have great vaccines coming. We have great vaccines coming and it’s a lot of good things are happening. And when you look at the therapeutics, excuse me, here I am. I’m right here. No, I don’t think the therapeutic helped me. I don’t think I needed it. I’m glad I got it, right? Regeneron, we’re going to make it available free to anybody that needs it. We’re making it available free to anybody that needs it, free. But I’ll tell you what, I’m sure I didn’t because I’m a perfect physical specimen. And I am considered very, very young. I’m considered young for my age. No, I’m a perfect specimen. I’m in perfect shape. So I’m sure I would have thrown it away.

President Donald J. Trump: (43:45)
But no, but I had it and the next morning I was not feeling good at all, I tell you. The doctor said, “Sir, I hate to say it. You’ve just tested positive.” I said, “Doc,” Sean, a great doctor, White House doctor. I said, “Sean, tell me, what does that mean? Tested positive for what?” “Sir you tested positive for the China plague.” No, he used it much nicer, he said, “COVID.” He said, “COVID.” It’s got about 37 names, you know that we could name it. I always like to have a China in there because I like to be accurate. But, but he said, “Sir, you have tested positive for COVID.” I said, “I’m in the middle of the campaign, I can’t be positive for COVID.” And so, anyway, so I was, and I didn’t feel too good. And the First Lady had it, at least now you know that all those rumors is that she lives in Virginia separate, I mean, at least now you know she lives in the White House. Because she got it probably from me or whatever, I don’t know, what the hell?

President Donald J. Trump: (44:47)
Do you ever hear, the First Lady lives in Virginia in a beautiful house over a river or something. No, no, she lives … but at least that. I know people love the First Lady, they love the First Lady. It’s true. They love the First Lady, it’s true, they love her. She’s doing a good job. They love … the whole family back there, they love that family back there. Great family, hi, Tiffany. So, Melania has it but she knocked it out pretty good. And I did a great job. I was surrounded by these doctors, 12 doctors, I’ve told this story, each one was a specialist. Johns Hopkins, Walter Reed Medical Center is incredible, that’s our military center, it’s incredible. And I’m surrounded, right? I’m just surrounded by these brilliant doctors. One thing when you’re president, you get a lot of doctors. And each doctor grabbed a different part of my body. And I said, “I don’t like this at all.”

President Donald J. Trump: (45:52)
But they told me about this one thing. And I said, “I really do, I like it. I really …” but it was very, a little bit early. What we’ve done with getting it through the FDA has been incredible. Biden wouldn’t have this stuff done for years. Well, he had a chance with this swine flu and totally blew it, right? It was a disaster. It was a disaster. Anyway, so I wake up the next morning and I’m telling you, I felt like Superman. I wanted to get out. I said, “Give me another trade deal to renegotiate that these clowns have screwed up. Gave me a trade deal to renegotiate. And where am I supposed to be?” “Well, sir, could you take it easy for a couple of days?” And people are sort of amazed. I’ve done these things, I mean, I do them. These are not easy to do, especially when you have no damn microphone. I mean, I’m working harder on this one than I have on all six that I did today. This is the hardest one. Because I have a microphone that was obviously meant for congressmen and senators, not for a president.

President Donald J. Trump: (46:56)
So it’s a little bit off, but that’s okay. You have to learn how to … Isn’t that funny when he put it back in here and handed it to me, I said, “But that’s the way we started.” I thought that was better. Nobody got that, only this front row got that one. I thought that was very clever, actually. But then he came up to me, the doctor, Sean, he said, “Sir, I’m sorry to inform you that your son, Barron has tested positive.” Again, I said brilliantly, “For what?” He said, “For COVID.” I said, “Oh, that’s terrible.” “Oh no, he’ll be okay, sir, he’ll be okay.” I said, “It’s terrible.” But he’s young and he’s strong and he’s very tall. Have you ever seen … I say, “Hi, Barron.” 14 years old, he’s very tall. He’s definitely tall and he’s strong, but he’s young. And I said, “That’s terrible.” He said, “No, he’ll be okay, sir, he’ll be okay.” And I said, “Well, I hope.” Like 12 minutes later I say, “How’s Barron doing Doctor?” “Sir, he’s 100% now, he’s …” Get your kids back to school, okay. Right, get them back to school. Yeah, all right. So we’re going to mass distribute the vaccine in just a few short weeks. It’s going to be coming out very soon and we will quickly eradicate the virus. Wipe out the China plague once and for all, get it the hell out of here. We will never forget either. We will not forget. That was not good. You know, we made a great trade deal with China as you know very well. But you know the ink wasn’t dry before we got this and no good, no good. Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state, locking you in your home while your far left anarchists are allowed to roam the streets, burn down your cities, hit people over the head. They’re allowed to do that. That’s why I always call all of these rallies, protests. These are not rallies anymore. Because you’re allowed to have a protest, you can’t have a rally and you can’t go to church.

President Donald J. Trump: (49:01)
You’re not allowed to go to church, but you’re allowed to burn down the cities with a protest. So we always call these friendly protests. The Biden lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Easter, no 4th of July, and no future. Other than that, it’s really not a bad way to go. A vote for sleepy Joe Biden is a vote for lockdowns, layoffs, misery, and no fracking. How about the guy, no fracking for over a year and a half. “There will be no fracking.” He goes to Pennsylvania, “Absolutely, we’ll frack.” Okay, and these guys don’t do anything about it. If you want a vaccine to kill the virus, a job to support your family, and freedom to live your life, then you have no choice but to cast your ballot for a gentleman named, Donald J. Trump. And as I said, you have to remember this, because during the debate, the debate was good … thank you, thank you very … thank you very much. Thank you.

Audience: (50:19)
Four more years! Four more years! Four more years!

President Donald J. Trump: (50:22)
Thank you very much.

Audience: (50:22)
Four more years! Four more years! Four more years!

President Donald J. Trump: (50:22)
Thank you, everybody. It’s a great honor to be with you. I really did, during the Kenosha disaster, I really got to be friendly with a lot of people up here. Long before that because we’ve had so many different people that we deal with. You have great people, we’re going to introduce you to a few of them, but you have great people here. But I really got to know you during that problem. That potential crisis that we put out very, very swiftly once we got called and it’s great. You’re great people. You built the country, you’re great people. Joe Biden, and as I said, he ran the H1NI, he called it N1H1, he couldn’t get it right. He still does, he can’t get it right. I said, “Joe, H comes before N, it’s easy to remember.”

President Donald J. Trump: (51:05)
H1N1, swine flu. And he failed horribly and he was a laughingstock all over Washington. As you remember, as his chief of staff, I don’t know why this guy said it, but he made the worst statements. He said, “This guy, we have no idea what we’re doing.” Now, all of a sudden he’s coming and he’s … He was the one that said, I shouldn’t close it down to China, heavily infected China, right? You remember that mess? Anyway, now he runs, he said, “I should have closed it sooner.” It’s really disgraceful. Secretary of Defense, Robert Gates, a respected man, he said Biden has been wrong on nearly every major foreign policy and national security issue over the past four years, right? Four years, he said, he’s always wrong. And he has been always wrong. I don’t believe he’s even running. I can’t believe the whole thing. I’ve watched, I watched the debates. You had 27 total killers on the stage and he was there. But you don’t have to believe me because it’s you, and because it’s Wisconsin, we spent a fortune. And hopefully that’ll work better than the microphone, try it, put it on.

Speaker 2: (52:15)
Joe Biden, Joe Biden.

Speaker 3: (52:24)
(singing)

Speaker 4: (52:27)
Have you taken –

President Donald J. Trump: (52:27)
This was today, he forgot to show up.

Joe Biden: (52:30)
No, I haven’t taken the test. Why the hell would I take a test? Come on, man. That’s like saying, you before he got in this program, you’re taking tests where you’re taking cocaine or not, what do you think, huh? Are you a … By the way, that’s my little sister, Valerie. And I’m Jill’s husband, oh, no, they switched on me. That’s my wife, this is my sister. They switched on me. I tell him if you have a problem, figuring out whether you’re for me or Trump, then you ain’t black. There is not a single solitary reason in the world, why, why, as I said, we shouldn’t be in a position that everybody … and that’s my wife, Jill, Hey, Jill, I’m Jill’s husband, actually.

Joe Biden: (53:13)
And Corn Pop was a bad dude and he ran a bunch of bad boys. And I did, and back in those you [inaudible 00:53:22] how things have changed. Play the radio, make sure the television … excuse me, make sure you have the record player on at night. Make sure the kids hear words. We hold these truth to be self evident. All men and women created by … you know, the thing. If you could take care, if you were a quartermaster, you can sure and help take care of running a department store thing where … and the second floor of the ladies department or whatever, you know what I mean? Well, I’m sick and tired of smart guys. You know, the rapidly rising in with … I don’t know. Ever been to a caucus? No, you haven’t. You’re a lying dog face pony soldier.

Speaker 5: (54:15)
Why attack Sanders?

Joe Biden: (54:16)
Why, why, why, why, why, you’re getting nervous, man. What kind of country are we going to be? Four more years of George, George, we’re going to find ourselves in a position where, if Trump gets elected, we’re going to be a, we’re going to be in a different world. After lie, after lie, after lie. We have to come together, that’s why I’m running. I’m running as a proud Democrat for the Senate. And by the way, I sit on the stand and it get hot, I got hairy legs that turn blonde in the sun. And the kids used to come up and reach in the pool and rub my leg down. So it was straight and then watch the hair come back up again. They’d look at it. So I learned about roaches, I learned about kids jumping on my lap. And I’d love kids jumping on my lap.

Joe Biden: (55:12)
Barack and I think it’s a right for people to have [inaudible 00:55:15] care. We have to do at least several things, one, we have to depend on what the president’s going to do right now. And first of all, he has to tell, wait till the cases before anything happens. Look, exacerbating the need for environmental justice, sorry, there’s a bug. Folks, we got a lot of work to do. I don’t really need you to get me elected. The case where we cannot let this … we’ve never allowed any crisis from the civil war straight through to the pandemic of ’17, all the way around, ’16, we have never, never let our democracy sakes second fiddle way. We can both have a democracy, elections, and at the same time, correct the public health.

Joe Biden: (56:01)
Everywhere I’ve been hearing all around the country. You’re trying your breast, but it never feels like enough. And here comes the train and he tried to make sure to continue to walk from. That’s the commuter, all right. But folks, look. Anyway, I am very willing to let the American public judge my physical and mental … my physical as well as my mental fitness. I’ll lead an effective strategy to mobilize true international [inaudible 00:18:36].

Speaker 3: (56:36)
(singing).

President Donald J. Trump: (56:37)
Thank you, what a good job.

President Donald J. Trump: (57:00)
…good job.

Audience: (57:01)
USA, USA, USA.

President Donald J. Trump: (57:01)
Thank you.

Audience: (57:01)
USA, USA, USA.

President Donald J. Trump: (57:09)
Thank you very much.

Audience: (57:11)
USA, USA.

President Donald J. Trump: (57:11)
That was just a small little sampling. We have many more. Some were too rough to put on, we just decided… Look. This is not what our country needs. This isn’t about… Yeah, it is about me, I guess, when you think about it. But this is not what our country can have. We can’t have this. One thing I’ll tell you I learned, President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, Kim Jong-un of North Korea and many others, all of them, they’re very sharp. They’re very smart. They’re very sharp. He wasn’t sharp 25 years ago, and now it’s not… You can’t let this happen to our country. That’s all I can say, because it’s not a game. We’re not playing a game.

President Donald J. Trump: (57:58)
We have a good time tonight. We love each other. We’re having fun, but when you get down… It’s not about fun. We can’t let this happen to our country. Joining us tonight, speaking about somebody that’s great, is a senator who is my friend. He’s my friend and he is a… He just doesn’t stop. He’s one of the sharpest, toughest people in Washington, and he is… When he’s on somebody, that person has no chance, or that bad group has no chance. He’s the Head of Homeland, but he’s a respected person, and he’s your senator, and we love him. I’m telling you, everybody in Washington talks about him in the greatest of tones. Senator Ron Johnson. Ron, thank you.

President Donald J. Trump: (58:47)
He doesn’t stop. You talk about not giving up. He doesn’t stop. We have Bryan Steil. Congressman, great job. Great job you’re doing. Thank you. Thank you for a great job you’re doing. Glenn Grothman. Glenn, thank you very much. Great job. Glenn’s doing a great job. Darin LaHood. Darin, good job, Darin. What a good group. You have a wonderful candidate who’s going to be running, and you know who that is? Where is he? Where is Jim? Jim? Jim Oberweis. Jim, thank you, Jim. I heard you’re doing well. Glenn, how’s he doing in the polls? Okay?

Glenn Grothman: (59:33)
He’s going to win.

President Donald J. Trump: (59:33)
He said, “He’s going to win.” When he says, “He’s going to win,” he’s going to win too. Good. Now I heard you’re doing very well. Good. Very good. State GOP Chair Andrew Hitt. How are we doing, Andrew, tomorrow? Good? We’re okay? Because he’s doing a nice job, but if we don’t win, he’ll be fired immediately. A friend of mine and a guy who’s done a terrific job, he loves his state, Kenosha’s own Reince Priebus. Where is he? Reince? Stand up, Reince. Where’s Reince? What a good guy he is, too. What a good guy. It took me years to learn how to pronounce his name properly, but he’s a fantastic person. I’m especially glad to be joined tonight by Don Jr. and Kimberly. Don?

Audience: (01:00:22)
Bring him up, bring him up, bring him up.

President Donald J. Trump: (01:00:33)
Come on up. They’re saying, “Bring them up.” Come on. Come on up. See, he’s a mountain man. He loves to go out to hunting. You don’t have a jacket. If you catch a cold… He likes the outdoors, huh? You doing okay? Come on, say something.

Don Jr.: (01:00:53)
Hello, Wisconsin. Or if I was Joe Biden, I’d say, “Florida,” but doesn’t matter. You don’t have to be right. Thank you, guys. Thank you for the support. We’ve been seeing it on the ground every day for weeks, because unlike the Bidens, we don’t have a mainstream media that will campaign for us. We have to do it ourselves on the ground with you guys. We need you to get out and bring your friends to vote tomorrow. When we do, we cannot only keep making America great again, but we can make liberals cry again. Get out there and do it, Wisconsin. Get out there and do it. Thank you guys.

President Donald J. Trump: (01:01:40)
Good job. Thank you. Thanks, Kim. Thank you, sweetheart. Thank you very much. I’ll tell you, they’re campaigning hard. They’re all campaigning hard. They’re all campaigning. I see back there Ivanka and Jared. Jared is doing peace in the Middle East. Jared is doing a great job. Peace in the Middle East. Jared, are you going to get it done? You’re going to get it done, Jared? I hope so. Come on up. Come on up. Jared and Ivanka, come on. Come on. This is like an old home week for you. I look back, the whole family is here. Tiffany, come on up. I see Tiffany. Come on up, Tiffany. Come on up. Here, honey. Say something.

Tiffany: (01:02:39)
Hello, Wisconsin. You have heard my father talk about some of the things that he’s been able to accomplish over the past four years. I am so proud of so many of them. But I will say, the thing that I am most proud of is unlike politicians, he’s never forgot why he ran for president, and who he is fighting for. You. Never forgot. It is a beautiful thing to see, and he works so, so hard every single day. Let me just tell you, Washington has not changed Donald Trump. Donald Trump has changed Washington. It’s true. It’s true. There’s more to come. Now we have to fight for him, and we have to fight for this country that we love so much, and get out and vote tomorrow. Thank you, Wisconsin. We love you, and God bless.

President Donald J. Trump: (01:03:46)
Thank you, sweetheart. Jared, would you like to say something about peace in the Middle East to this very small crowd?

Jared: (01:03:55)
Thank you. It’s really an honor to be with all of you. I was just saying, ” Washington, if the things that the politicians were talking about were easy, they would have been done a long time ago.” But it took a leader like President Trump to come in and shake things up a little bit, but we’ve seen things get done that we never imagined could happen. I can tell you the table is set. There’s so many more things to do, and this whole family loves America. We love this country. We love all of you, and we will never stop fighting to get all the things done that President Trump has promised. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your love. Thank you. Thank you.

President Donald J. Trump: (01:04:42)
Great job, Jared. Thank you. Thank you everybody. Thanks, kids. Thanks, everybody. I see some people. Do I see Corey Lewandowski back there? Yes. Do I see David? Is that David? Come on. Get over here, Corey. Corey Lewandowski. David, come on. David Bossie. What a group. Stand up. Just stand up. We don’t have to hear from them. The mic doesn’t work anyway, so don’t worry about it. Great job. Great job. Good luck on television tomorrow. I think you’re going to have a blow out tomorrow, okay? But I want to thank…

President Donald J. Trump: (01:05:19)
Look. I have a great family. I have a family. They’re working all the time, all of them. We appreciate it. Special people. We didn’t need this. We have a wonderful, super… It was just going good. Then I said, “You know, maybe I’ll give it a shot.” You know why? Because of trade. It started because of trade. I hated… I watched. It was so obvious, the way we were being ripped off on trade. I said, “Let’s give it a whirl.” I said to my wife, “I’d like to do it. What do you think?” She said, “Well, you have to really want it, because you know you will win, don’t you?” I said, “You think so? Really?” She had a little more security in the fact that if I ran… No. She said, “You will win if you… But you have to make sure you want it.” I said, “I want to do it because we have so many things we could do.”

President Donald J. Trump: (01:06:05)
I never thought we would have done what we’ve done, though. We’ve done a lot together. Together, we’ve done so much. I mean, you think about all… It probably started more… I talked to Ron about it. It probably started with trade, though, because I hated our companies were leaving to Mexico, Canada, China. They were all leaving our country. We had these stupid laws, and horrible tax deals where they had incentives to move to Mexico. They got incentivized to move to Mexico.

President Donald J. Trump: (01:06:31)
Somebody had a concept, “Gee, let’s make Mexico great again.” I said, “No. I want to make our country great again.” That’s the story. It’s a complicated story, but it all evolved into this evening. Tomorrow we have our big day, and tomorrow I think it’s going to be a really special day. I hope you can all go out. You’ll find the time, and go out and vote, and we’re going to make you very proud. You’re going to be made really very proud. I’m just finishing off. For decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars, and defending foreign borders. But now we’re finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, and we are bringing our jobs, and our factories, and our troops… Finally, finally, finally we’re bringing them back home to the U.S.A. where they belong. For 47 years, Joe Biden viscously attacked Black Americans. He called young Black men, “super predators,” all the time. To every Black American. I am asking you to go out tomorrow and vote. It’s very important. This is your one and only chance to show sleep Joe Biden what you think of his decision to attack you, to jail you, and to betray you. I’m fighting for you, and we got criminal justice reform completed, prison reform completed, Opportunity Zones completed with the great Tim Scott of South Carolina. And funding for historically Black colleges and universities. We got that done.

President Donald J. Trump: (01:08:17)
I say all the time, and sometimes people will say, “That’s a big statement.” Then they realize it’s true. With the exception of Abraham Lincoln, there’s never been a president that has done so much for the Black community, and it’s my honor. It’s my honor. It is my honor, and under my leadership… And by the way, I don’t know if you have been watching what’s going on in Florida. We’re doing really well. You know what they’re talking about? The Black community and the Hispanic American community is really… They’re liking Trump. What’s going on? No, we’re doing very well. Florida. Florida is doing very well. In conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing super power of the world, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. It’s already begun. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. With God’s help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms, your second amendment. Which is totally under siege, but as long as Ron Johnson and your great congressman are there, we will protect it. Right, Glenn? Everybody. We will protect it, Ron. That’s an easy one for us. But it wouldn’t be easy if he got in. We wouldn’t have enough to say about it.

President Donald J. Trump: (01:09:51)
We will maintain America’s unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency. It starts on January 1st, and it will be bigger than healthcare. Lower drug prices ever more, favored nations. The drug companies do not like me too much, I will tell you. We’ll have the lowest drug prices anywhere in the world. We will always protect patients with preexisting conditions.

President Donald J. Trump: (01:10:24)
America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and we will restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. We will live by the timeless words of our national motto, “In God we trust.”

President Donald J. Trump: (01:11:03)
For years, you had a president who apologized to America. Is this true? I mean, we have had… I watched Obama go out and apologize all over the world. He would apologize all over the world. He apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great, great people of Wisconsin. Tomorrow you have the power, you have the vote. You have the power really, to save America. We can’t go down that path.

President Donald J. Trump: (01:11:37)
We will never be a socialist country. We never be. Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, grab your boss by the tie and say, “Come on, boss. We got to get out and vote, get out and vote.” From Madison to Milwaukee, from Janesville to La Crosse, and from… Your team is doing well, right? Your team is doing well. Green Bay. Green Bay. Do you like your quarterback? I do. I like your quarterback. You know who I like? We like Brett Favre. Do you like Brett Favre? Do you know that Brett Favre endorsed me last week? We love Brett Favre. What a great guy. I got to know him. He’s a tough cookie. He’s a tough guy. Great guy. Green Bay to right here in Kenosha, we inherit the legacy of American patriots who gave their blood, sweat and tears to defend our country, and to defend our freedom. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and the best is yet to come.

President Donald J. Trump: (01:13:11)
Proud citizens like you help build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going got keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going got keep on winning, winning, winning. Winning, you. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. Together with the incredible people of Wisconsin, we have made America powerful again. We have made America wealthy again. Your 401Ks are doing very well.

President Donald J. Trump: (01:13:58)
We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We’re proud again. We’re respected. We’re respected again. We have made America safe again. We will make America great again. Thank you, Wisconsin. Thank you, Wisconsin. Go out and vote. Thank you. It’s a great honor.

Vice President Mike Pence: (00:00)
Well, hello, Michigan? Congressman Huizenga, Congressman Moolenaar, GOP Chair Laura Cox, to all of you have been with us every step of the way. It is great to be back in the Great Lakes State, just 80 minutes from election day when we reelect President Donald Trump for four more years.

Crowd: (01:01)
Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years.

Vice President Mike Pence: (01:17)
Wow. It is really great to be with y’all and a special treat tonight to be with my much better half, she’s a military mom, she’s been committed to helping our military families, been my wife for 35 years. But she’s the best Second Lady the United States has ever had. Would you join me in thanking my wonderful wife, Karen Pence.

Vice President Mike Pence: (01:43)
But we’re here tonight for the same reason you are. For one reason and one reason only. And that is that Michigan and America need four more years of President Donald Trump in the White House. It’s on, and the road to victory goes straight through Michigan.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:09)
You all are great to be out tonight. And you know, I got to tell you, I just spoke to the President. He just finished up in Wisconsin, but he can’t wait to get to Grand Rapids. It’s great to be back here tonight. We’ll never forget. We’ll never forget being in Grand Rapids four years ago tonight. The clock ticked past midnight. It was election day 2016. The President spoke until about 1:30 in the morning and he walked up to me after he walked off the stage, he looked out at the crowd just like this one and he slapped me on the shoulder and said, “Mike, I don’t know about you, but that doesn’t look like second place.” And it still doesn’t. Michigan did it before and I know Michigan’s going to do it again.

Vice President Mike Pence: (03:15)
We’re going to show America that Michigan is Trump country.

Vice President Mike Pence: (03:24)
Thank you all for coming out. What an incredible site. And I know there’s more people waiting to get in and I’m telling you what, it really is incredible to be with you. And it’s also great to be here with some great leaders who served alongside with us every step of the way. Would you join me in thanking two of the most principled conservative leaders in Congress? Two men have been with us every step of the way. Congressman John Moolenaar and Congressman Bill Huizenga.

Vice President Mike Pence: (03:56)
And how about the next Congressman from the third congressional district, Peter Meijer? and earlier tonight, the President and I were with a friend of mine, got to know him over the last couple of years. He’s a man of integrity, dedicated to his family. He’s a West Point graduate, a combat veteran, a businessman, and the next Senator from the great State of Michigan, John James. Four years ago, we inherited a military that had been hollowed out by devastating budget cuts, an economy that was struggling to break out of the slowest recovery since the Great Depression, terrorism was on the rise around the world, and we witnessed a steady assault on our most cherished values. But in three short years, we rebuilt our military, we revived our economy, we secured our border, supported law enforcement and stood for life, liberty and the Constitution of the United States. Incredible.

Crowd: (05:15)
USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA.

Vice President Mike Pence: (05:23)
And on the economy, after Joe Biden’s spent eight years in the White House trying to tax and spend and bail us back to a growing economy, President of Donald Trump created the greatest economy in American history, and we are doing it again.

Vice President Mike Pence: (05:42)
How about those new GDP numbers last week? Isn’t that something? The American economy grew by more than 33%. Shattering any previous record. The American comeback is on. And with four more years of President Donald Trump, we’re going to bring this economy back bigger and better than ever.

Vice President Mike Pence: (06:13)
You know, that great American comeback is a testament to all of you, to the character and the resilience and the strength of the American people. But it’s also a tribute to a President and our allies in the Congress who worked with us to create the greatest economy the world has ever seen.

Vice President Mike Pence: (06:31)
That’s why it’s astonishing in the midst of a global pandemic, Joe Biden wants to raise taxes by $4 trillion. On Friday, his running mate, Kamala Harris said, quote, the first order of business is to get rid of the President’s tax cuts. They got a $2 trillion version of the Green New Deal, but under President Donald Trump, where they’re planning to raise your taxes, we cut taxes across the board.

Vice President Mike Pence: (07:15)
We rolled back more federal regulation than any administration in history. We fought for free and fair trade, unleashed American energy, and in three short years, businesses created 7 million good paying jobs, including 112,000 jobs right here in the Great Lakes State. Unemployment reached a 50 year low, and wages were rising across the board in those first three years.

Vice President Mike Pence: (07:46)
And they were rising most rapidly for hardworking, blue collar Americans. The forgotten men and women of America were forgotten no more. When Joe Biden was Vice President, America actually lost 200,000 manufacturing jobs. I come from just south of here in Indiana, just like Michigan, we do two things well out this way, don’t we? We make things and we grow things, right?

Vice President Mike Pence: (08:19)
The last President actually said, after losing 200,000 manufacturing jobs, he said, “They’re never coming back.” Remember he said, “What magic wand do you have?” Well, we didn’t need a magic wand. We just needed President Donald Trump in the White House.

Vice President Mike Pence: (08:39)
500,000 manufacturing jobs in just three years. So manufacturing came roaring back and when it comes to trade so important here in Michigan, what we make and what we grow, we sell to the world. Joe Biden’s been a cheerleader of communist China, all along the way while they took advantage of the United States, put barriers to their markets while we put none to ours.

Vice President Mike Pence: (09:12)
And closer to home, when it came to our trading relationship with Canada and Mexico, Joe Biden liked to complain a lot about NAFTA, but he never lifted a finger to fix what was wrong with it when we saw thousands of factories closed and jobs shipped south of the border. But under President Donald Trump, we put China on notice.

Vice President Mike Pence: (09:34)
We said the era of economic surrender is over. We stood strong, imposed tariffs, and NAFTA is now gone. And the USMCA is here to stay. And it’s something you ought to know about Joe Biden’s running mate as well. I had a little debate with Kamala Harris in Salt Lake city a couple of weeks ago. Thank you. Some people think we did all right. So… thank you. But you all deserve to know in this hard working State of Michigan, despite the fact that USMCA was a huge win for Michigan, right, Bill?

Vice President Mike Pence: (10:18)
I mean, Kamala Harris was one of only 10 senators to vote against the USMCA. Kamala Harris said the USMCA didn’t go far enough on climate change. I mean, she put her radical environmental agenda ahead of Michigan jobs and Michigan workers. No wonder she was listed as the most liberal member of the United States Senate last year. But when it comes to trade or anything else for that matter, I promise you, President Donald Trump will always put American jobs and American workers first. And on energy, Joe Biden wants to crush American energy under a $2 trillion Green New Deal that would raise the cost of electricity for every home in business in America. It’s true. The President had to remind him he was for it in that first Presidential debate, remember? But he is, right?

Vice President Mike Pence: (11:22)
And Kamala Harris, she was the original co-sponsor in the Senate of the Green New Deal. The truth is Joe Biden and Kamala Harris want to abolish fossil fuels, end fracking. It would destroy hundreds of thousands of good paying jobs. They said it over the last year, over and over again, but now, right, Joe Biden shows up in Pittsburgh. I wasn’t far from there today. And he’s trying to convince people that he’s not for banning fracking. He actually said that our President was lying about it. It came up in the Presidential debate. How good did President Trump do in that Presidential debate? Wasn’t that a great night? That ball is still going.

Vice President Mike Pence: (12:09)
Anyway, it came up in the Presidential debate. Remember Joe Biden, about 90 minutes into the debate, he said, “America needs to make a transition from the oil industry.” I love what the President said. He said, “That’s a big statement.” But by the next morning, Joe Biden was already denying, but [inaudible 00:12:32] even in the debate, remember? He said, “Show the tape.” So we’ve been showing the tape.

Vice President Mike Pence: (12:45)
I got to tell you, men and women of Michigan, look, no matter what Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are saying right now, you can take it to the bank. Joe Biden and the radical left are going to abolish fossil fuels, ban fracking, close down the oil industry if they ever get to the White House, but we’re not going to let it happen. We’re going to have more fracking, more American energy and energy independence for generations to come with four more years of President Donald Trump in the White House.

Crowd: (13:17)
Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years.

Vice President Mike Pence: (13:34)
Folks, the choice we face in this election, I really believe it’s a choice between a Trump boom and a Biden depression. I mean, there was an independent review of his plans last week. Said that Joe Biden’s economic policies would cost this country 5 million jobs and cut the average income of the Americans by household by $6,500 a year. So anyway, every minute between now and when the polls close tomorrow here in Michigan, if you come across a family member or a coworker or a neighbor that is still undecided, I want you to say I was out at the airport, ran into Mike and he said if I ran into anybody who was undecided, I was just supposed to ask him one question. Seriously. Just look them in the eye and say everything I, just everything else. Just look them in the eye and say, “Who do you really think can bring this economy all the way back?”

Crowd: (14:41)
Trump.

Vice President Mike Pence: (14:42)
Am I right? A career politician who spent 47 years in Washington, DC raising taxes, growing government, waving a white flag on international trade or a proven job creator who’s overseeing the fastest economic recovery in us history? You ask them. If they’re honest, they’ll answer. So this election really is about prosperity. It’s about jobs, about our children’s future, but it’s also about national security. And I’ll tell you what, I couldn’t be more proud to serve alongside a President who cares so deeply about the men and women of our armed forces and their families. You might not know the Pences are actually a military family. My son’s a United States Marine. My daughter is married to a Navy pilot who’s currently deployed. And we couldn’t be more proud of them. In fact, my daughter is a military spouse, and while her husband is away, she’s out campaigning a little bit with mom and dad. Would you welcome my wonderful daughter, Charlotte Pence Bond? Incredible Navy spouse and a writer. And a leader. So proud of her.

Vice President Mike Pence: (16:12)
When Joe Biden was Vice President, we saw years of reckless budget cuts in our national defense, didn’t we? And over the last few days, you can go look it up, leading Democrats in Washington are talking about massive cuts in defense spending to pay for all their big government plans.

Vice President Mike Pence: (16:33)
President Donald Trump, we rebuild our military, we restore the arsenal democracy. President Trump signed the largest investment in our national defense since the days of Ronald Reagan. And with four more years, we’re going to keep giving our soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines, and Coast Guard, the resources and the support they need to defend this nation.

Crowd: (17:08)
Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years.

Vice President Mike Pence: (17:09)
It’s not just about those that serve today. It’s about all of you who did serve in the uniform. When Joe Biden… Yeah, put your hand in the air if you’re a veteran of our armed forces, would you please? Let us thank you one more time. Thank you for your service. Thank you for your service. Thank you for our freedom.

Vice President Mike Pence: (17:33)
When Joe Biden was Vice President, America saw years of scandal at the VA that shocked the conscience of the nation. You remember. We had literally some of America’s veterans that were dying on waiting lists, waiting to get the care that they earned in the uniform of the United States.

Vice President Mike Pence: (17:55)
But under President Donald Trump, those days are over. President Trump signed the most sweeping reforms of the VA in 50 years. We fired 3,000 VA employees that weren’t giving our veterans the care they need and Veterans Choice is now available for every veteran in America.

Vice President Mike Pence: (18:20)
So for a strong national defense, for taking care of our veterans, let me just say, it’s one more reason why we need John James in the United States Senate. And when it comes to law and order, you all know President Donald Trump has stood every day with the men and women who serve on the thin blue line of law enforcement and we always will. The President and I know what you know. Men and women who serve in law enforcement are some of the best people in this country and they deserve the respect of every American every day.

Vice President Mike Pence: (19:09)
The truth is though, you remember the violence over this last summer and all Joe Biden never talked about was peaceful protestors. But rioting and looting is not peaceful protest. Burning businesses is not free speech.

Vice President Mike Pence: (19:25)
The truth is Joe Biden would double down on the policies that have led to violence in America’s cities. Joe Biden explains it all by saying he believes America is systemically racist. And he and Kamala Harris often say that they believe police officers have an implicit bias against minorities.

Vice President Mike Pence: (19:48)
When Joe Biden was asked whether he’d cut funding for law enforcement, he replied, “Yes, absolutely.” And Kamala Harris recently praised the Mayor of Los Angeles for cutting $150 million out of the LAPD’s budget. But under President Donald Trump, I’ll make you a very firm promise, we’re not going to defund the police. Not now, not ever.

Vice President Mike Pence: (20:15)
We’re going to back the blue and we’re going to back the blue for four more years. And we’re going to have law and order in every city in every state in this nation for every American of every race and creed and color.

Vice President Mike Pence: (20:40)
It’s been about standing with people that protect and serve. But this President is also stood strong for all the God-given liberties enshrined in our constitution and in the hearts of the American people, like the freedom of religion, the freedom of speech and the second amendment right to keep and bear arms.

Vice President Mike Pence: (21:07)
To that end, we’ve appointed more than 200 conservative judges to our federal courts at every level. And they’re all men and women all uphold the God-given liberties enshrined in our founding documents. That includes Justice Neil Gorsuch, Justice Brett Kavanaugh and that includes the Supreme Court’s newest, brilliant principled woman, Justice Amy Coney Barrett.

Crowd: (21:34)
ACB. ACB. ACB. ACB.

Vice President Mike Pence: (21:35)
Isn’t she great? And not just because she’s from Indiana. How much did you love it when one of those Senators asked her, show me what you got written down on that paper. “Nothing.” She’s so impressive. I’ll tell you, and she’s going to stand strong for all the liberties we cherish.

Vice President Mike Pence: (22:07)
When Joe Biden was Vice President, we actually saw a steady assault on our first freedom, the freedom of religion. The last administration used the power of the federal government to erode the conscience rights of doctors and nurses in religious charities. They even hauled a group of nuns into federal court to force them to compromise their faith to live under the Obamacare. It’s true.

Vice President Mike Pence: (22:32)
And the same religious intolerance happened when Amy Coney Barrett was nominated to the court of appeals two years ago. You remember? She was in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee and the leading Democrat on that committee said she was concerned about Amy Coney Barrett’s Catholic faith, because she said, and I quote “The Dogma lives loudly within you.” And then Hollywood elite started attacking Amy Coney Barrett for her faith and they’ve never stopped. Well, I got news for the Democrats in Washington and their Hollywood friends. That Dogma lives loudly in me. That Dogma lives loudly in you. And the right to live and worship according to the dictates of our faith lives loudly in the Constitution of the United States of America.

Vice President Mike Pence: (23:38)
Under President Donald Trump, we restored the conscience rights of doctors and nurses. We stood strong for religious freedom. We ended the assault on the Little Sisters of the Poor, and we are going to stand for the religious freedom of every American of every faith for four more years. And finally, where Joe Biden and Kamala Harris support taxpayer funding of abortion all the way up to the moment of birth, I couldn’t be more proud to be Vice President to a President who stands without apology for the sanctity of human life.

Vice President Mike Pence: (24:29)
So in our first three years, we rebuilt our military, we revived our economy, we stood for law and order, liberties in life. And none of that would’ve been possible without the strong and consistent support of Michigan’s Republicans in Congress. So right after you reelect President Donald Trump, right after you send John James to the United States Senate, the President and I need Michigan to send Bill Huizenga, John Moolenaar, Peter Meijer, and Lisa McClain to a new Republican majority in Congress and retire Nancy Pelosi once and for all.

Vice President Mike Pence: (25:17)
Out.

Vice President Mike Pence: (25:19)
I’m telling you, I was there 10 years ago when we retired Nancy Pelosi the last time. And I intend to be here when we do it again. When you look at everything we were able to accomplish with Republican majorities in the House and Senate, I think there’s only one way you can describe it. In three short years, we Made America Great Again. Right?

Vice President Mike Pence: (25:48)
And then 2020 arrived. And the Coronavirus struck from China. The American people have seen this President’s leadership up close. I mean, before there was a single case of community spread anywhere in America, President Trump did what no American President had ever done. He suspended all travel from China, the second largest economy in the world. President Trump put the health of America first.

Vice President Mike Pence: (26:19)
Now Joe Biden said that was xenophobic. Essentially means that he thought it was racist. He actually wrote that closing down travel in a global pandemic would make things worse, but Joe Biden got it wrong. And President Trump got it right. By shutting down travel from China, President Trump’s saved untold American lives because it bought us invaluable time to stand up the greatest national mobilization since World War II.

Vice President Mike Pence: (26:53)
It’s true.

Vice President Mike Pence: (26:54)
We reinvented testing. We saw to the manufacturer of billions of supplies, new medicines and therapeutics. And we’re just a matter of weeks away from having the first Coronavirus vaccine with tens of millions of doses for the American people.

Vice President Mike Pence: (27:14)
And I want to promise the people of Michigan, you can be confident. We’re going to keep making sure those supplies and medicines are there. We’re going to keep driving toward a vaccine until we put this pandemic in the past. And we’re going to keep opening up America again. I know, I got to tell you, it’s amazing to think how this economy has come back. In just the last five months alone, after losing 22 million jobs at the height of this pandemic because of the foundation the President poured in those first three years, because of the unprecedented relief that these Congressmen made available to families and to businesses, we’ve actually seen 11 and a half million Americans already go back to work, including 600,000 people right here in the State of Michigan. We are opening up America again, and the Michigan economy is coming back.

Vice President Mike Pence: (28:19)
But you all deserve to know that Joe Biden is talking about shutting down our economy again. I mean, you’ve dealt with enough here at Michigan, right? I mean, the truth is, newspapers are already reporting there’s countries in Europe that are already starting to shut down. So you can bet that Joe Biden will lock down the American economy if he makes it to the White House. All your schools will be closed, all your churches and synagogues, places of worship. Main Street will be all shuttered once again right at the moment that the American economy is getting back on its feet, Joe Biden said, and I quote, he would shut it down.

Vice President Mike Pence: (29:07)
Joe Biden is going to shut down, going to shut down our economy. And he says, we’re in for a long dark winter, but under President Donald Trump, we’re going to defeat the virus. And the best is yet to come.

Vice President Mike Pence: (29:27)
The choice in this election has never been clearer. The stakes have never been higher. When you look at their agenda of higher taxes, open borders, socialized medicine, a Green New Deal, defunding the police, abortion on demand, it’s clear. Joe Biden would be nothing more than a Trojan horse for the radical left. It’s true.

Vice President Mike Pence: (29:53)
I mean, I saw where Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren are already angling for cabinet posts. The truth is, you all know what’s at stake. Now, Joe Biden says that democracy is on the ballot. Well, I think our economic recovery is on the ballot. I think law and order are on the ballot. But I also think there’s things much more foundational to who we are that are on the ballot as well.

Vice President Mike Pence: (30:26)
You know, in this election. I think it’s not going to be so much whether America ends up more Republican or more Democrat, more liberal or more conservative, more red or more blue. I think the choice in this election is whether America remains America.

Vice President Mike Pence: (30:48)
It’s whether we’re going to chart a course and Michigan will play an outsize role in this decision, so hear me out. It’s whether we’re going to chart a course based on our American heritage of faith and family and patriotism and freedom, or whether we’re going to let Joe Biden and the Democratic party surrender our country to the radical left, shut down our economy, topple our heritage of freedom and values into an avalanche of socialism and decline.

Vice President Mike Pence: (31:24)
So let me say to all of you from my heart, for everything that has always made America unique and exceptional and great, for the freedom that generations of Americans have fought to defend, we’ve got to decide right here and right now that Joe Biden will never be President of the United States. We’re going to reelect President Donald Trump for four more years.

Crowd: (31:54)
Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years.

Vice President Mike Pence: (32:10)
Men and women, I got to tell you when I got the phone call four years ago to join this ticket, I said yes in a heartbeat because I heard and saw in this President, both the vision and the leadership ability to make this country great again. We’ve served alongside each other every day for the last four years. And you know, some people think we’re a little bit different, but I got to tell you, we’ve gotten to be very close friends.

Vice President Mike Pence: (32:44)
And I can tell you firsthand when the Klieg lights are off and the cameras are off, there’s never been a day gone by in the last four years that I haven’t seen this President against unprecedented resistance and-

Vice President Mike Pence: (33:03)
… against unprecedented resistance and opposition by the Democrats in Washington, against unrelenting and unfair attacks by their allies in the national media. There hasn’t been a day gone by that I haven’t seen our president get up and fight to keep the promises that he made to the people of Michigan. Now it’s our turn to fight for him. It’s on, Michigan. It’s time to bring it. It’s time to do what you did four years ago.

Vice President Mike Pence: (33:41)
Tell your neighbors and friends what four more years means. Four more years means more jobs, four more years means more judges, four more years means more support for our troops. And it’s going to take at least four more years to drain that swamp.

Crowd: (33:58)
Drain that swamp. Drain that swamp. Drain that swamp. Drain that swamp. Drain that swamp. Drain that swamp.

Vice President Mike Pence: (34:10)
Oh, we’re draining it.

Vice President Mike Pence: (34:11)
It’s just like the president says a little deeper than we thought it was, we’re draining it though. We found the plug and we’re going to pull it tomorrow. So I got to ask you to do a couple of things. Air Force One is on its way in, and before you know it President Donald Trump will be in the house but on all of our behalf, I want to ask you to do a couple of things. First and foremost, about 47 minutes from now, it’ll be election day. Tomorrow morning, the polls open at 7:00 AM. Stay open till 8:00. So I’m going to ask you personally, I need you to vote Michigan, vote to reelect president Donald Trump to the White House. And remember, friends don’t let friends vote alone, bring a family member, bring a coworker, bring a neighbor and vote to reelect president Donald Trump for four more years.

Vice President Mike Pence: (35:38)
After you vote with a friend, number two, I want you to tell somebody why you came out late at night. Why are you here on this historic night in Grand Rapids. I want you to tell them all that we accomplished in those first three years with the president that kept his promises to Michigan. I want you to tell them about the choice that we face and how we’re going to set a course for this nation for generations to come.

Vice President Mike Pence: (36:12)
The President and I were on 60 Minutes the other night but he got a question during his interview and he gave an answer I’ll never forget. Because the reporter, I’m looking out at all of you, the reporter looks at the president and she said, “So how would you describe your supporters?” The president answered without missing a beat. She said, “How would you describe your supporters?” And he said, “They are people who love our country.” So go tell your neighbors and friends that you love our country and we need four more years of President Donald Trump in the White House.

Crowd: (37:02)
Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years.

Crowd: (37:02)
USA. USA. USA. USA. USA.

Vice President Mike Pence: (37:19)
Finally, this is just from me and from my family, as I’ve traveled around this country the last four years, I’ve become convinced this is a freedom loving nation, and this is a nation of faith. And so if you’re inclined like the Pences are to bow the head and bend the knee at your house from time to time, I’d encourage you to do that the next day. When you pray, pray with confidence in these challenging times where it seems like there’s more that divides us than any time in my lifetime, we ought to claim those ancient words that have seen Americans through much more challenging times than we could possibly imagine. The words of an ancient promise that say, if his people who are called by his name will humble themselves and pray and turn that he’ll do like he’s always done in the long and storied history of this great nation, he’ll hear from heaven and he’ll heal this land. This one nation under God, indivisible with liberty and justice for all. So pray for America. Pray for all the American people. It’ll make a difference.

Vice President Mike Pence: (39:07)
So thank you for the warm welcome today. Thank you for giving my family such a warm welcome, I have to tell you, it’s the greatest honor of my life to be your vice president, but I want to be your vice-president for four more years. But I leave here today with renewed confidence, I’m telling you standing where I’m standing, you’d be confident too. Wow. I called him up after I got off the plane, I called him on the tarmac. I said, “You are not going to believe it.” I know he can’t wait to get here, but listen, I’m confident. If all of us do all we need to do between now and eight o’clock tomorrow here in Michigan, between now and when the polls close all across this country, we’re going to have a great victory all across Michigan, all across America.

Vice President Mike Pence: (40:07)
And with Bill Huizenga, John Moolenaar, Peter Meijer, Lisa McClain and a new Republican majority in the Congress with John James in the United States Senate with President Trump in the White House for four more years and with God’s help, we’re going to make Michigan and America more prosperous than you could possibly imagine. We’re going to make Michigan and America safer than ever before. We’re going to make Michigan and America more united than ever before, and together we will make America great again, again. Thank you very much, Michigan. God bless you. God bless America. Now let’s go get it done.

Crowd: (41:13)
(singing)

Crowd: (41:13)
Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump.

Crowd: (41:13)
(singing)

Announcer: (01:17:25)
Grand Rapids, Michigan. Please welcome the 45th president of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

Announcer: (01:17:34)
(singing)

Crowd: (01:17:34)
USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA.

Donald Trump: (01:20:16)
Thank you very much Grand Rapids, you know, this is … This was our final night prior to a very, very big victory, that was it. Remember? We left at around 1:00 in the morning. I got home, my wife said, now First Lady, said, “You have to be kidding.” We came home late and then we watched the beautiful victory, and we’re going to have another beautiful victory tomorrow. And we’re going to win the state of … You know what we’re going to win, we’re going to win the state so easily. We’re going to win the state of Michigan so easily. We want to do it just like last time. But let’s give me a little bit more margin than that if you don’t mind.

Crowd: (01:21:06)
Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years.

Donald Trump: (01:21:18)
So we’re going to win the state of Michigan and we are going to win four more years in that very beautiful, beautiful, beautiful house. It’s called the White House. We made history together four years ago, and tomorrow we’re going to make history once again. So this has been really, this was amazing, Grand Rapids, I’ll never forget it though.

Donald Trump: (01:21:44)
We were called, late in the evening, Ronna, thank you very much, wherever you may be. She kept calling, say, “One more trip, one more trip to Michigan, I’m telling you, one more trip.” And then we heard crooked Hillary was coming back because they were hearing … Oh, you know, Michigan hadn’t been won for a long time, many, many years by a Republican. We heard that Barack Hussein Obama and Hillary, Bill, and Bill was the only one that got it right. Said, “You don’t want to run against Trump,” he said that very early. He was the only one, he’s the only one that understood what was going on actually.

Donald Trump: (01:22:23)
But they came and they came and they wanted to be in Michigan, which was unscheduled. So I got a call from Ronna, the whole group, and they said, “Could you go back?” We got here at 12:00 in the evening, I started speaking at 12:30, now election day, I’ll never forget it. We had 32,000 people, almost as many as we have tonight. And I said to my team, “We have to … This is it.” We’ve done five, but actually six, because we ended up last night around 2:00 in the morning in Miami, so we can say that includes this … So that would be six. We’ve done six of these big, and every one was just a lot of people. And you know what? There was a lot of love. There was a lot of love. We had a lot of love.

Donald Trump: (01:23:15)
We had 45,000 people in Florida last night. By the way, we’re doing very well in Florida. We’re doing very, very well in Wisconsin. We’re doing very well in Texas, I hear great things about Texas. You know they’re saying Texas may be even … Well, you know, then you think sleepy Joe Biden’s against guns. That’s not good for Texas, right? He’s against oil. Oil isn’t good. If you’re against oil, that’s not good politics, right Texas? And he’s against god. Right?

Donald Trump: (01:23:54)
When you have guns, oil, and god, and he’s doing well in Texas, I don’t think so. But I actually know for a fact we’re doing very well in Texas. I think we’re doing very well all over. I think you’re going to have, I don’t know if it’s as much of a … I don’t know what’s a surprise. We fulfilled everything we said we were going to fulfill, and that’s why people are [inaudible 01:24:17]

Donald Trump: (01:24:19)
And we did some things that we never even talked about, right? We never talked about Space Force. We got it. And I said you know what? I looked at Russia, I looked at China, and I said, “We need Space Force.” And we did it, first time in 74 years, not since the Air Force.

Donald Trump: (01:24:34)
But I want to thank you all. We have a great group of people here. I’d like to show our appreciation for our phenomenal vice president, Mike Pence, and his amazing wife Karen. Did he make a good speech? I saw him on the plane and I couldn’t sort of … Did he make a good speech? Huh? He’s great, I’ll tell you what. It was close, it was close. If I had my choice between Mike and Kamala, I think it’s a very close choice, but I think I’ll take Mike. I think we’ll stick with Mike and Karen. No.

Donald Trump: (01:25:14)
By the way, how badly did he beat her in that debate? Did you ever hear the expression, if that were a fight they would have stopped it.

Crowd: (01:25:25)
He did great.

Donald Trump: (01:25:27)
But anyway. No, Mike’s been great from day one, and I appreciate it. I also want to thank Don, Jr., Eric, Ivanka, Tiffany. Words cannot express how proud you make me every single day. No matter what happens tomorrow, I’m very proud of you all.

Crowd: (01:25:45)
We love you Don, Jr.

Donald Trump: (01:25:46)
But if we don’t win I’ll never speak to them again. They like him. They like them all. No no. I’m very proud. We’re very proud of you. Thank you. Look at these people. There’s a lot of spirit here. A lot of spirit.

Donald Trump: (01:26:08)
No, it’s funny though, I kept saying we have to finish off here. We have to do it. It’s just we could be a little bit superstitious, right? But you people, you’ve been great, you’ve been great. And I think we’re going to have a tremendous victory in Michigan.

Donald Trump: (01:26:22)
Don’t forget, four years ago I said, “Why are so many car companies leaving?” You know, you were losing everything to Mexico and to China and to frankly Canada, and you were losing everything. And we stopped it, and now you have many, many car plants that have already been built, are being built, renovations, 17 … You didn’t have a deal in like 42 years. It was always going out. Now they’re all coming in. I want to thank Prime Minister Abe of Japan. I said, “Shinzo, Shinzo, you got to do me a favor, Shinzo. You got to build some plants.” And he said, “No, no, no, we are the government, we don’t do that. That’s up to the private sector.” I said, “No, Shinzo, you got to do it. You got to do it. It’s not fair. You’re sending too many cars and they’re built in Japan. We wanted them built in Michigan, we wanted them built in Ohio, we want them built in South Carolina and North Carolina. We got to do it.”

Donald Trump: (01:27:17)
He says, “But I do not do that, Donald.” And the next day they announced five companies are coming to Michigan. But he’s a great guy. And he retired. He had some difficulty with his health, but he was a great prime minister of Japan, and he did a great favor to Michigan and to us, all of us, he’s a … We have a lot of activity in Michigan. It would be nice if your governor would open up the state, however. Would open up the state. Open up your schools, open up the state, go back. Get back to business.

Crowd: (01:28:02)
Lock her up. Lock her up. Lock her up. Lock her up. Lock her up. Lock her up. Lock her up.

Donald Trump: (01:28:02)
The only one that’s allowed to roam free is her husband. What’s her husband like? Remember? That wasn’t so long ago. He’s allowed to do whatever he wants. But everybody else, you’re not allowed to leave your house or your apartment. No, she’s got to open it up. Well they will. On November 4th, she’ll announce, “Okay, now we’re going to open.” You know, they’re doing that for political … They think it hurts us in the election. Actually it helps us, okay? Who has voted so far? Has anyone voted? Okay, good. Because you’re saving it, right? You’re saving it for Tuesday? Right? No, we’re cool. We’re going to have a red wave, they call it the great red wave like nobody’s ever seen before. Like nobody’s ever seen. So based on just early results though, Florida looks like it’s phenomenal. Just phenomenal. North Carolina’s looking great. I think they’re all looking great. Ohio is looking fantastic.

Donald Trump: (01:29:05)
You know, we won Ohio last time by eight points, and I said, “Well why are …” These fake polls that they put out, they’re called suppression polls. If they make them bad enough, they hope you don’t want to waste your time and vote, right? We love our president, but if he’s losing by 250 points, let’s stay home and have dinner, darling.

Donald Trump: (01:29:27)
It doesn’t work, because you people don’t, you don’t go for the bait do you?

Crowd: (01:29:31)
No.

Donald Trump: (01:29:31)
It’s really amazing. And I think we’re winning. I think we’re going to win everything. I think tomorrow’s going to be-

Crowd: (01:29:40)
Big win.

Donald Trump: (01:29:41)
… one of the greatest wins in the history of politics.

Donald Trump: (01:29:49)
I want to give the very special thank you also to Jared Kushner, who is in the process of negotiating a little thing called peace in the Middle East. Great guy. Great guy. They like that. They like the sound. Peace in the Middle East without blood all over the sand, no blood in the sand, and no cost, just peace. Already three countries, UAE, a great leader, Mohammed, great leader. And three countries have already signed. Bahrain. It’s already signed. Sudan. And we have many, many countries, how many do we have lined up? It’ll be more than 10.

Donald Trump: (01:30:41)
Now what would happen if sleepy Joe Biden had to take over the deal? You know what happens? That’s the end of that deal. You can forget that deal. The sleepy one.

Donald Trump: (01:30:51)
Lara Trump, thank you Lara, what a job you do. What a job you do. You know, Lara’s a specialist on a place called North Carolina, I will tell you. She lived there and she grew up there and they love her there, and Pennsylvania, that extends to Pennsylvania next door, and you said that we’re doing phenomenally there, right? So I think that’s right. She said win. I think they’re both wins, big wins. We got to be careful though, because the Pennsylvania deal with that decision, oh, you can count the ballots later on, and count them whenever you’d like. No. No. We have to be very, very careful with that, that causes a lot of problems.

Donald Trump: (01:31:32)
I want to thank Kimberly Guilfoyle. Kimberly is fantastic, from day one. I’d watch her on The Five, and she always liked me, right from the beginning, so I always liked her. If they don’t like me, I never like them. It’s funny the way that works. But she was their big star, and she did great, and thank you very much Kimberly, I appreciate it very much.

Donald Trump: (01:31:59)
And Tiffany, thank you for the job you do. She goes around from place to place. She just graduated from law school. She just graduated from Georgetown. She did a great job. Thank you, honey, thank you very much. And Michael, thank you very much. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: (01:32:17)
To all of our supporters here tonight, I really want to thank you from the bottom of our hearts. We’ve worked very hard in four years. We’ve been hit by fake, fake investigations, fake scandals, fake impeachments.

Donald Trump: (01:32:30)
We’ve had so many things that, the witch hunt, I call it the witch hunt. And it turned out to be a phony witch hunt, and they should have known it the first day. They did know it the first day. But it’s the deep state, it’s whatever you want to call it, but it should have never happened. Think of it. They spied on our campaign. They got caught. They tried to take down a duly elected president of the United States. They got caught. And you know who knew all about it? Barack Hussein Obama and sleepy Joe Biden. They knew all about it. They knew all about it.

Crowd: (01:33:11)
Lock him up. Lock him up. Lock him up.

Donald Trump: (01:33:12)
And then I watch the fake news back there, look at all of them. Look at all of the fake news, isn’t that nice. It’s a lot of fake news. Then I watch the fake news saying, “You know, his attitude is a very tough attitude. He’s not very nice, he’s a very nasty person.” No no. We’re defending ourselves, and we’re defending all of these people that voted for us. With these fake …

Donald Trump: (01:33:38)
And then what happens? It turns out to be that it was them that were guilty of all of these horrible crimes. Including the crime of treason, because when you try and take down a duly elected president, you know, it’s called treason, it’s called big stuff. It’s big stuff. So we’re going to see how that all works out. We’re going to see how that. But that’s another reason we want to go for a long time, frankly. Because you know what? We started something incredible. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world. We then had to close it down for a period of time. We saved millions of lives. Remember the original estimate was 2.2 million people would die from the China plague, and they could have kept it in China. They didn’t get infected in the rest of China after Wuhan Province. But it came out to the world, it came out to Europe and the United States and 188 countries all over the world. And we can never forget that.

Donald Trump: (01:34:43)
We signed a great trade deal with China, but it doesn’t mean so … The ink wasn’t dry, and all of a sudden this happened.

Donald Trump: (01:34:52)
But the job we’ve done, when you see the numbers, and you’re going to hear the numbers because they’re coming out very soon, the job we’ve done has been an incredible job. We had to close it up. We saved millions of lives. We now opened it up. You saw what happened. 33.1%. The fastest in the history of our country. The fastest growth, the biggest growth in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: (01:35:18)
But you’ve been there right from the beginning, we’ve all been together, and I’ll tell you what, we very much appreciate it. And think of how it could have been different, except I think in a way we would have been less popular. Somebody said, because they would have said just another presidency. This time, you know we had to fight for you. We had to fight. You understood it. You understood the hoax better than anybody. It was a hoax. The Russian hoax. And after spending $48 million, 18 angry Democrats, and smart people, vicious, they were vicious, they were smart. If they could find any little morsel.

Donald Trump: (01:35:54)
And they went over taxes. And they went over everything you can go over. They spent $48 million, two and a half years. The Mueller investigation scam. And they come up, no collusion, there’s no collusion after all of that. Which makes me perhaps the most innocent man anywhere in the history of the United States.

Donald Trump: (01:36:22)
Now a friend of mine called me up, very smart guy. He said, “I can’t imagine anybody could go through two and a half years, $48 million, 18 killers, some of whom worked for Hillary Clinton, right? Crooked Hillary. And it turned out they’re the ones dealing with Russia. What a disgrace.”

Donald Trump: (01:36:41)
So let’s see what happens. It’s too bad it’s going so slowly. There’s plenty of info there, and I try and stay uninvolved. Someday I’m going to have to get involved, maybe. I try and stay uninvolved. Going too slowly. “No sir, we’d rather not do anything before the election.” Well they did it to me before, they did during, before, and after. These are bad people, Comey, the worst director in the history of the FBI. A crooked person.

Donald Trump: (01:37:12)
Did you leak? Remember? “Chuck Grassley. Did you leak the information to the newspapers?” He choked when he heard Chuck Grassley from Iowa, great gentleman, great gentleman. He looked at that guy, he said, “Did you leak?” And he said, “Yes.” He choked. You know the guy choked like a dog, Comey. He leaked, he lied, he did a lot of things. You saw the report by Inspector General Horowitz, who by the way did a great report. That was a great report, Inspector General Horowitz, and I appreciate it. But you saw that on Comey. Comey should hang his head in disgrace.

Donald Trump: (01:37:48)
But we had to go through all this stuff. Think if we didn’t have any of it.

Donald Trump: (01:37:53)
We probably wouldn’t have done as well. It’s true. We might not have done as well. And we might not have these massive crowds, because you saw what was happening. You got it. We might not have had … So I just want to tell you, we appreciate you so much. We really do. We appreciate you so much.

Donald Trump: (01:38:13)
And now we have to build on what we’ve done. Nobody has done what we’ve done. No administration has done, thank you.

Crowd: (01:38:20)
We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you.

Donald Trump: (01:38:22)
Wow, I love you too.

Crowd: (01:38:23)
We love you. We love you.

Donald Trump: (01:38:24)
I love you too.

Crowd: (01:38:24)
We love you. We love you. We love you.

Donald Trump: (01:38:24)
Thank you very much.

Crowd: (01:38:24)
We love you. We love you.

Donald Trump: (01:38:24)
Thank you.

Crowd: (01:38:24)
We love you. We love you.

Donald Trump: (01:38:33)
That’s really nice. You know, in the history of politics, nobody’s ever heard that expression before, it’s true. Look, Ronald Reagan, we liked Ronald Reagan, right, but nobody ever said, “We love you, We love you.” Nobody’s ever heard it before. Nobody’s ever heard it before. It’s an expression, true, you know they were covering it the other night, they looking back, oh, they want to find it so badly. They want to find somebody so badly. But it’s never been said before to the best of anyone’s knowledge.

Donald Trump: (01:39:03)
… so badly, but it’s never been said before to the best of anyone’s knowledge, and we appreciate it. I’ll tell you what, when you hear that, I had a nice life. I had the greatest life. But you know what? I’m so happy. This was the greatest decision I ever made, because we have done so much good together. We’ve done it together. We couldn’t have done it without you, and we’ve done so much, from the biggest tax cuts in history, to regulation cuts, the biggest ever. We have cut regulations at a level that nobody believed. It would take 18 to 20 years to get a highway approved. We have it down to two. It’ll soon be down to one, and it may not get approved. It may be an environmental problem. It may be a safety problem, but it shouldn’t take 20 years, it shouldn’t take 19 years, 21 years. And by the time you get it approved, first of all, you start off as a young man on a highway project, and you end up in retirement, and then you get a rejection. ” We rejected three to two,” some board somewhere.

Donald Trump: (01:40:03)
No, we’ve done a great job, and we’ve rebuilt our military. We just got a 91% approval from our veterans. The veterans just gave us a 91% approval, highest we’ve ever gotten. With your vote, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut regulations, support our police, support our great military, protect your Second Amendment, which has gone if sleepy Joe Biden gets … Defend religious liberty, and ensure more products are proudly made with that beautiful, beautiful phrase, right? “Made in the USA.”

Donald Trump: (01:40:44)
Next year we will be, and I mean this, I think we have such a foundation-

Speaker 1: (01:40:50)
USA! USA! USA! USA! USA!

Donald Trump: (01:40:50)
This group over here. They’re an activist group. Thank you very much. Thank you, fellas.

Speaker 1: (01:41:08)
USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA!

Donald Trump: (01:41:08)
It’s a great group. Thank you. Thank you very much. We appreciate it. Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. So you had last year was the best year you ever had. Before that was the best year. You had three of them with me, and then we got hit with the plague, and then we went back to work. Under my leadership, our economy is now growing at the fastest rate ever recorded. 33.1% last week. And if you look at the auto business, auto business, I don’t know what’s going on. It’s at a level that it’s never been at. What is that all about? What is that all about? You wouldn’t think, and this is during a pandemic.

Donald Trump: (01:41:50)
We’re rounding the turn, by the way. They hate it when I say it, but we’re rounding the turn. They used to say, “Look at the way Europe’s doing.” Well, take a look at Europe. Take a look. And what we’ve done in terms of the economy, we went down less than any major country in the world, or any country. And now we’ve gone up far faster and far higher than any country in the world. It’s not even close. And it should be tougher because of the size, because we’re a big country.

Donald Trump: (01:42:20)
We created a record 11.4 million jobs in the last five months alone, which is another record. That’s another big record. We’ve never hired that many people that fast. While foreign nations are in a free fall, we’re creating an economic powerhouse unrivaled anywhere in the world. A recent Gallup Poll found that 56% of Americans say they are better off today than they were four years ago under Obama and Biden. And if Biden and Kamala … You don’t have to say it “Kamala.” “Kamala.” If Biden and Kamala Harris, who’s further left by far than crazy Bernie Sanders, right, he’s considered a strict conservative compared to her. How the hell did he ever pick her, Mike? Where’s Mike. How did that ever happen? That turned out … I don’t think that’s going to be a good pick. You’re going to find out tomorrow.

Donald Trump: (01:43:23)
By the way, she happens to be slightly against fracking. She’s still against fracking. Isn’t that amazing? Isn’t that amazing? Biden goes like, “I’m against …” For a year and a half, he’s running, running. Nobody gave him a chance because he never got more than 1% in prime time, right? 25 years ago, the guy never got 1%. And he never had what it took. He was a glad hander. Not a smart guy. Not a nice guy, either. By the way, not a nice guy. But he was, I used to call him 1% Joe, because he ran for president all the time and he never got more than 1%. Now he’s got half the intelligence he had 20 years ago and he wins. Politics is a strange business. A strange, very strange business. But if Biden and Harris and the radical left gain power, they will collapse our economy and send our nation into a very steep depression. That’s what’s going to happen.

Donald Trump: (01:44:23)
This is the only man that I’ve ever seen run for office on the fact that he wants to give you the largest tax increase in the history of our country. No, that’s his space. The good news is, he has no idea what the hell he’s saying, so it doesn’t … He goes up. Here’s his line. “Ladies and gentlemen, we are going to give you the biggest tax increase in the history of our country. It will be $4 trillion.” They’re going to increase your taxes by $4 trillion. $4 trillion tax increase. That’s his campaign, and they’re going to put the money in the Green New Deal, which is conceived and designated by AOC plus three, right? AOC plus … This was their deal. I think they ever took an environmental course. Did they go to college, by the way? I don’t think they ever took a course on the environment.

Donald Trump: (01:45:18)
But Biden wants to raise your taxes $4 trillion, massively increase regulations. You know, the regulations may have been more important than even the big tax cuts that you got. The biggest ever. You got the biggest tax cuts ever, and you know it. You know it. You felt that in a very, very good place. You know where it is? Your wallet. You felt it in your wallet. They want to close down your factories, send your jobs overseas, destroy the suburbs. Women of the suburbs, please, okay? Please.

Donald Trump: (01:45:55)
I wiped out a regulation that would have destroyed your home, to put it mildly. Would have destroyed your American dream. And Ben Carson is a great guy. I said, “Sir, why don’t we just do this? Why don’t we just sort of ease it up?” It’s a horrible regulation. What it does is a horrible thing, and everybody knows it. It would have destroyed the suburbs. I said, “Ben, let’s just cut it out. Let’s terminate it because there’s no negotiating here. Let’s just terminate it.” And I terminated it. And you know one thing I know about? The women of the suburbs, they want two things. They want their home. They want their family night, but they want safety, and they want security. And that’s what we provide.

Donald Trump: (01:46:38)
And I think this will be like four years ago. Remember? “Donald Trump will do very poorly with women.” At the end of the evening when they’re all crying, and I remember they were crying. Remember? Martha Raddatz. Oh, she was very impartial. She was another one of my debate anchors. I had some real beauties, didn’t I? She was crying, and they all said we’re going to do badly with women. I’m going to do terribly with women. I said, “Why? What’s so bad? Tell me what’s so bad.” And at the end of the evening, “He’s done very well with women. What happened?” No. But this time we’re going to do even better, because we are providing safety and security. And for the suburban women, I mean, we’re saving the suburbs. This regulation was so horrible, what it does to the suburbs. It would have destroyed the suburbs as we knew them.

Donald Trump: (01:47:30)
And I got to say this, 31% of the people living and moving to the suburbs are minority groups, African American, Asian American, Hispanic American. And they have a great American dream also, and then they want to live in the suburbs and they want to be proud, and they don’t want to live next to a project that somebody puts in because they play games with your zoning and other things. And all I can say is, for the women … I don’t even talk about the men in the suburbs. I don’t care about the men in the suburbs. I only care because they’re all saying … He’s going, “Oh, what about us?” I don’t worry about you.

Donald Trump: (01:48:13)
But the women of the suburbs are going to vote for President Trump, because we love you, and we’re saving you a horrible, a horrible thing was going to happen, frankly, and it’s been happening for years, and it’s been a very bad situation. So we solved it. We terminated it. It is gone. Now, if they get in, if they should get in, you can take that regulation and quadruple it, just like they want to quadruple your taxes. You can quadruple it. So I think that’ll be good. I think we’re going to have a great … Women, that’s a pretty hard pitch, but that’s the way it is, right?

Donald Trump: (01:48:48)
They want to dissolve your borders. We complete the wall in a very short period of time. We’re over 400 miles. Over 400 miles, and that’s right, Mexico is paying for the wall. You know, they like to say Mexico is, but we will have the wall completed very shortly. We’re over 400 miles right now. 400 miles, and we’re building 10 miles a week, and we now have the strongest numbers and the strongest border, Southern border that we’ve ever had. And you know what? We want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally, and they have to come in through merit. We want people that can help us. We want people that can help us.

Donald Trump: (01:49:34)
They want to terminate religious liberty, outlaw private healthcare. 400 … Think of this. Think of this. Private healthcare. You work so hard. You have 180 million people that have a great healthcare plan, that love it. Private plans, and they want to end it and put you on socialized medicine. I don’t think so. I don’t think you’re going to be too happy. I don’t think … “We have a cold, let’s go to the hospital and let’s wait for nine days to see a doctor.” They want to confiscate your guns, Second Amendment, and indoctrinate your children with hateful anti-American lies. So you’ll be happy that I just signed on the plane, that’s beautiful Air Force One, and it is a beauty, I have to admit an executive order to teach our nation students pro-American values. That will be taught. Sleepy joe Biden has vowed to abolish and eradicate the American oil and natural gas industries, and he’s pledged to ban fracking. And you saw that. For a year, more than that, he’d get on stage with all these crazy people, radical left people, and they were screaming who could ban it faster. He would say, “Yes, I’d been fracking. I am totally against fracking.” For a year, “I am against fracking.” I could play 100 clips. See the board? Where is the board. I spent a lot of money for that today. He’s going, for a year, “I am against fracking.” Then he lucks out because Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren doesn’t get out, so she takes votes away from crazy Bernie, right? On Super Tuesday. And he loses by a little bit on each state, and Bernie loses again. This poor guy. Crazy Bernie. But he’s running again in four years. Don’t worry about it.

Donald Trump: (01:51:31)
No, he’s the best loser I’ve ever seen. He could lose … He lost with Hillary and they didn’t treat him too well. And then he lost, but Elizabeth Warren lost. If she would have gotten out, he would have had the votes. He would have won easily. So instead of a Crazy Bernie, I’m running against a sleepy guy, right? I’m running against a very sleepy guy. We can’t let the sleepy guy fool us, though, because he happens to be a corrupt politician, and they don’t want to write it. Biden’s energy plan will send every state into a crushing poverty situation, from Michigan to Minnesota. We’re going to win Minnesota because of Omar, and because we did a great job in stopping the riots in Minneapolis. The National Guard went in. They should have called them a lot sooner, like a week and a half. You wouldn’t have had half of your city burnt down. But Arizona, Pennsylvania. We’re doing great in Pennsylvania, by the way. I just got the word. I just got the word. We’re doing great in Pennsylvania. It’s looking good. I think you’re going to have a very exciting … You’re going to have a very exciting evening or day tomorrow, but evening in particular tomorrow.

Donald Trump: (01:52:44)
You know, when people see it, I walk in, we do polls, and they do a poll. “We interviewed 73 people, and President Trump is down 57 points.” This is a poll. See, this is a poll. When you draw crowds like this. This is not the crowd of somebody that’s going to lose the state of Michigan. This is not. This is not. And look at this crowd. You can’t even see the end of it. You can’t. This is not the crowd of a second place finisher. Do you agree with that? No. No. This is our crowd, all together. We’re in this together and we’re doing it together. As long as I’m President, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on this planet. And for the first time, we are energy independent. You never heard that term before. We’re energy independent, and you know, we have very good relationships in different parts of the world. In some we help. We don’t have to, though. Now we don’t have to do … We do what we want, but we have some very good allies and partners that we’ll help them, but we don’t need their oil anymore. We have so much oil. We have more oil than anybody, okay? And it’s an incredible thing that it’s happened over the last few years. A lot of great things. And you’re paying, what, $2 a gallon for your gasoline? That’s okay.

Donald Trump: (01:54:16)
You know what that’s like? That’s like a tax cut. That’s bigger than a tax cut. If Biden got in, you’d be paying $7, $8, $9. Then they’d say, “Get rid of your car. We’re going to build some more windmills. Kill all the birds.” Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars in countries that most of you have never even heard of, okay? A vote for Biden is a vote to eradicate your auto industry. Somehow I don’t think you want to do that in your particular state. He was a cheerleader for NAFTA, one of the worst trade deals ever made, and now we have USMCA, which is a great deal. What a difference. No, you were sending all your jobs.

Donald Trump: (01:55:08)
You know, 12 years ago, I was honored, believe it or not, the Man of the Year, and I was never thinking about doing this, the Man of the Year in Michigan. I’m still trying to figure out how that happened, and I got up and I said, “You know, you’re losing all your car business to Mexico, and Canada, too, by the way, and what are you doing? Why are you doing it?” And it was a whole big thing, became quite controversial as usual. But I was right, and it was probably the biggest reason that I ultimately ran for the presidency, because I saw how we were being ripped off. Not only the auto business, how we were being ripped off by every country of the world, friend and foe, on trade. And it just was something that was terrible.

Donald Trump: (01:55:50)
Now with the USMCA, they said there’s no way I would ever pull it off. “There’s no way you get rid of NAFTA.” You know why? Because Mexico and Canada loved it. I said, “Well, if they love it, that means it can’t be any good, right?” They said, “Sh, we never thought of that one.” So I wouldn’t say they’re exactly thrilled with USMCA, but we’re fine with it. We like it. But he was sending your auto jobs, so many of them, to Mexico, and it was terrible.

Donald Trump: (01:56:16)
Joe Biden supported China’s entry into the World Trade Organization, which was the beginning of a disaster. It was good for China, but it was sure as hell bad for us. But you know, we won seven and a half billion dollars a little while ago, because we wouldn’t win anything. They had no respect for this country whatsoever, and now they know that if they don’t treat us right, we’ll pull out of that deal so fast. Now all of a sudden we’re winning all these cases, but we just won seven and a half billion dollars, which would have been impossible with a different president. You are so lucky I’ve agreed to be your president. Go out and vote for Trump.

Donald Trump: (01:56:56)
The seven and a half billion dollars we won, that was nice. Michigan lost half of all of its auto manufacturing jobs, because that was like a Biden and his friends, that was a betrayal to you and to many other states. He supported the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which would have eliminated your auto industry totally. I came in and immediately canceled it. I canceled it. I was so happy to cancel the TPP. I ended the NAFTA disaster. Canceled that one too. I’ve been an activist. Despite the fact that every week I’m being hit on all different sides, ” Let’s impeach him for having a perfect conversation with the President of Ukraine.” They were the ones that had the bad conversations, including his son making $183,000 a month to sit on the board of a company. His son. Where’s Hunter? Where’s Hunter? His first name is, “Where.” Where’s Hunter? Remember that? I brought that up. A t-shirt was made overnight. It was the hottest selling t-shirt of the year. “Where’s Hunter?”

Donald Trump: (01:57:59)
You know where Hunter is? He’s buying vacuum cleaners, because he follows his father and he vacuums in money from every country that his father sees. No, seriously, Ukraine. His father was a judge of Russia, Ukraine, and China. President Obama entrusted him with those three countries. Those are the three beauties, right? Russia, Ukraine. So Russia, Moscow, the mayor of Moscow, his wife gives him three and a half million dollars, Hunter. Now he got dismissed from the military, was unemployed. His father becomes Vice President, and now all of a sudden he’s raking in money like you never saw. Now you tell me, is that honest? And then they say the big guy gets 10%. The big guy in some cases gets 50%.

Donald Trump: (01:58:48)
And then the last one is he asked China for $10 million here. This is Biden. They asked for $10 million, yeah, $10 million for introductory purposes. That’s what … Introductory purposes. So he’s going to introduce people to who? To his father, for which he gets $10 million a year. I never saw anything like this. And the fake news refuses to report it, because they don’t want it in there, because it’s not good for them. How about the Moscow? Three and a half million dollars from the wife of the mayor of Moscow. Three and a half million dollars to, “Where’s Hunter?” You know, ” Where’s Hunter?” He’s at the bank depositing his money.

Donald Trump: (01:59:36)
Now think of it. So he gets a billion and a half from China. He goes with his father on Air Force Two, a plane that the great Vice President Mike Pence uses too. Mike, do your kids follow you to the various countries, raking in money? No. He’s got the greatest people, the greatest children, the greatest family. I don’t think they have, right, where they’re flying airplanes for our military. No they don’t. They do it a little differently. They do it the old fashioned way. No. Mike Pence, it’s a holder. I always compare … I say, “Can you imagine with Mike Pence?” How good we have it with Mike Pence compared to that. No, it’s great.

Donald Trump: (02:00:22)
How about the China, though? So the kid has no investment experience whatsoever. His father and him, they go into Air Force Two. In 10 minutes, like a 10-minute meeting, he walks out with a billion and a half dollars from China. They don’t do this for the biggest investment firms. I spoke to a friend of mine who’s one of the biggest guys on Wall Street. He said, “No, this is never done. They invest their own money. They don’t need people that are much dumber than them to invest their money. They invest their own money. They don’t do that.” Then he said, “Wow. That’s amazing. How long did it take him to get the money?” “About 10 minutes.” Walks out with a billion and a half dollars to invest, which is millions of dollars a year.

Donald Trump: (02:01:01)
And the fake news and big tech, big tech is getting very dangerous, very dangerous, but it’s one of the reasons we have to win. They have me trending every day on Twitter, Twitter Trending. They make up these stories, phony stores. They put up stories or they’ll take an old story, make it as bad. “Number one trend,” like some really boring story. Trending is like, you got to be cool, right? To trend. I’m trending number one, number two, number three. Everyone, “Negative, negative, negative.” How the hell did I ever win this thing? It’s such a fix with these people. I’m always trending with these stories that are like, either they didn’t happen, or they make them different. And I don’t want to act like a complainer, but it’s a totally rigged deal. And everyone said four years ago, they said, “Sir, you can’t win.” “Why?” “Because big tech is against you.” I said, “What’s big tech?” I didn’t even know what the hell it was, right?

Donald Trump: (02:01:52)
I learned fast, because I think we’re number one in the world now on social, so we learned very well. We got a lot of people. You know what? If I didn’t have … They say, “Don’t tweet.” Forget the tweet. It’s called social media. If we didn’t have social media, I’d have no voice. We wouldn’t be here. I have no choice. They say, “Gee, we wish she wouldn’t do so much tweeting.” I don’t do tweeting. What I do is social media. And without it, I don’t think we’d be here, because we’d have no voice. There’s no voice with these people. They’re dishonest people, mostly. Not in all cases, but Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who, what he’s done is he’s bled America dry.

Donald Trump: (02:02:34)
In 2016, Michigan voted to fire this corrupt political establishment, and you elected an outsider as president who is finally putting America first. And if I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because, thank you, I’m not a politician. Thank you very much. If I don’t always play by the rules of Washington and the Washington establishment, it’s because it was elected to fight for you, and I fight for you harder than anyone has ever fought for you before. Joe Biden is bought and paid for by big tech, big media, and powerful special interests. That’s why he takes in $300 million. They taken millions and millions of dollars for his crazy campaign, and he’s not going to win.

Donald Trump: (02:03:28)
I really don’t believe he’s going to win, because of this. Take a look. This is going on all over the country. They have tractors, thousands of tractors. You ever see this? Thousands in Iowa. We’re winning an Iowa very big, by the way, just in case. Thousands of tractors in Iowa on big farms, thousands and thousands. They have thousands of boats, 6,000 boats out in the lake, out in the ocean. They have things nobody’s ever seen anything like it. So I think we’re going to have a very big day, but they say you can’t win without big tech. Well, we’re going to find out tomorrow. Wouldn’t that be wonderful? But they said the same thing, they said the same thing four years ago. The head of CNN said, “You can’t win without CNN.” I said, “Really?” And we won, so now we have to do it again. They’re totally crooked. They’re fake news. CNN is fake. CNN and the others are fake news. They own Biden. They control him, and they know that he will always do their bidding.

Donald Trump: (02:04:28)
Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt you is supporting Joe Biden. The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars that hurt our country so badly and hurt our young people so badly, they support Sleepy Joe Biden. The career politicians that offshored your industries and decimated your factories and sent your jobs away, they support Biden. The open border lobbyists that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs and gangs and crime, they support Biden. The far left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, and demeaned your sacred faith and values, they support Biden. The anti-American radicals defaming our noble history, heritage, and heroes, they support Sleepy Joe Biden. Antifa, and the rioters, looters, Marxists, and left wing extremists, they all support Biden.

Donald Trump: (02:05:35)
This election comes down to a very simple choice. Do you want to be ruled by the corrupt and selfless political maniacs that you’re dealing with? Or do you want to be ruled by the American people? You’re supposed to be ruled by the American people. Do you want to be represented by a career politician who hates you, by an outsider? I mean, just take a look. These people, what they do and what they get away with, and I guess that’s the other reason. I mean, I was in politics and I see what’s been happening to our country. Our country was going to hell, and we’ve turned it. And we got waylaid by this plague that came in, but we’ve done a job like nobody else has ever done a job, and you understand it. And that’s why there’s so many of you here tonight, and that’s why all over the country, this is happening. All over the country. And even they’re just springing up by themselves. I’m not there. I don’t do this. I mean, if you look, they had something today I read where 100 miles of cars all with the flag, the American flag, the Trump, a whole Trump thing.

Donald Trump: (02:06:49)
But do you want to be represented by a career politician who actually doesn’t like you, or by an outsider who will defend you like you have never been defended before? That’s what I’m doing. And it’s not easy, but there’s nothing I’ve ever enjoyed more in my life, because we are making so much progress. We have to now finish the progress. A vote for Biden is a vote to hand the keys of government over to people who don’t like you, don’t respect you, and who want to rob your children of their American dream. We have a great American dream. We’re not going to let it happen. We’re not going to let that happen. We’re going to keep our great American dream. A vote for Biden is a vote to give control of government over to the globalists, and communists, and socialists, and wealthy, liberal hypocrites, and all of those that want to silence, censor, cancel, and punish you.

Donald Trump: (02:07:48)
If you want your children to be safe, if you want your values to be honored, if you want your life to be treated with dignity and respect, then I am asking you to go to the poll tomorrow and vote, vote, vote. Remember what I said four years ago. I am your voice, and we will make America great again, and that’s what we’re doing. For the last four years, the depraved swamp has tried everything to stop me and to stop you, because they know I don’t answer to them. I answer to you. That’s why we’re here. That’s why we’re here. Together we will defeat the corrupt establishment. We will dethrone the failed political class, and we will drain the Washington swamp. And we will save that American dream. That beautiful, beautiful American dream.

Donald Trump: (02:08:47)
This election is a choice between a deadly Biden lockdown, open up your state, governor, or a safe vaccine that ends up the pandemic and leads to the greatest economy in the history of the world. That’s where we’re going. We were there, and we’re going to get it back very quickly. And that’s going to bring our whole country together, because success brings it together, and it was happening. Before that plague came in, it was happening. People were calling me that you would least suspect, and it was all happening. And then we had to close it down and now build it up, and it’s building … It’s not a V. It’s a super V. It’s a super V.

Donald Trump: (02:09:28)
We will mass distribute the vaccine in just a few short weeks. It will quickly eradicate the virus and wipe out the China plague once and for all. And whether we have the vaccine, great companies, Johnson & Johnson, Moderna, Pfizer, but with or without it, we are rounding the turn. Just remember that. You know, they don’t like it. They hate it when I say that we’re rounding the turn. And they always use Europe. “Oh, look at Europe. Look at Europe.” Well, take a look at Europe. Look at how they’re doing. And their economy is in tatters, and they have a lot of problems, and we don’t want that. We don’t want that. And that should have never happened. Should have never happened. That should have never been allowed to happen.

Donald Trump: (02:10:07)
Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state. He’s looking you in the face and he’s locking you in your home while letting rioters, Antifa, the radical left, run down your streets, riot in your streets, burn down your stores, beat you over the head, and they’re allowed to do that. But you can’t go to your church. You can’t have dinner with your family, but you’re allowed to protest and riot. That’s why I call all of these protests, because we’re allowed to protest. You’re not allowed to meet and you’re not allowed to pray together, but you’re allowed to protest, so I call everything that we do a protest. The Biden lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgivings, no Easters, no Christmas, no 4th of July, no future for the youth. Other than that, it’s actually quite good.

Donald Trump: (02:11:11)
A vote for Sleepy Joe Biden is a vote for lockdowns, lay offs, and misery. If you want a vaccine to kill the virus, by the way, he would have been so far behind on a vaccine. He would have been so far behind. He did the swine flu. It was the joke of … They didn’t know what the hell they were doing. Now he’s saying, ” He should have acted faster.” Except when I did the ban on China, he said I shouldn’t do it for two and a half months. Then he admitted he wrong too, and then he runs, and now he’s saying I should have acted. I was so early in doing that ban, and we saved … And our biggest critic admits that we saved thousands and thousands of lives by doing it. Thousands of lives. And the ventilators that were made, and all of the things that we’ve done, and all of the medicines that are coming out. And here I am-

Donald Trump: (02:12:03)
… all of the medicines that are coming out and here I am, right? Here I am. And I’m sure it had nothing to do with the medicine. I used to sort of give the medicine a little bit of credit, now I give it none, because I’m a perfect physical specimen, and I’m a very young person. I’m a very young person. I said that, of course, a little bit sarcastically. I said it a couple of weeks ago. I said, “No, no, I’m better than perfect. I mean, it was very quick, very easy because I’m in perfect physical shape and I’m a very young man,” and CNN went crazy, “He is not in great shape, and he is not a young…” But they went totally crazy. They are definitely, seriously losers.

Donald Trump: (02:12:46)
Could you imagine if they had a cover of sleepy Joe for four years, their ratings would tank. That’s why football is not doing well. First of all, they’re not going to do well, basketball was down 71%, their finals. You know why? Because our people want to see people that respect our country, respect our anthem and respect our flag.

Donald Trump: (02:13:12)
And football is way down. But you know, they’re down for that reason, but they’re also down because people would rather watch this stuff than watch football, because this is much tougher. They consider this to be much tougher actually. But can you imagine if they covered sleepy Joe, the ratings are phenomenal for all of these things. And then they cover sleepy Joe, their ratings would tank. They would come to see me, “Sir, I think it’s really important that you run again because we are losing our networks, our ratings are down the tubes.” The failing New York Times will definitely be out of business very quickly. They used to write nothing about me, now I average probably about four or five stories a day on the front page. Someday they’re going to give me a good one, watch. It might be tomorrow. We got to have a big win. We want a big win, not just a wave, we want a big win. Secretary of Defense, Robert Gates said about Biden that he was wrong on nearly every single major foreign policy and national security issue over the past four decades. He’s been wrong on everything. He’s been wrong on everything. But don’t believe me, because you’re Michigan, I spent all of this money on these beautiful, very large television sets. I call them beautiful, large screens. They’re large television sets. Let’s see it for yourself, okay. Go ahead.

Speaker 2: (02:14:41)
Joe Biden. Joe Biden. Joe Biden.

Speaker 3: (02:14:53)
Have you taken a cognitive test?

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:14:55)
No, I haven’t taken a test. Why the hell would I take a test? Come on man. That’s like saying you, before you got on this program, you take a test where you’re taking cocaine or not? What do you think, huh? Are you a [inaudible 02:15:08].

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:15:08)
By the way, that’s my little sister Valerie and I’m Jill’s husband. Oh no, you switched on me. That’s my wife, that’s my sister. They switched on me.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:15:20)
[inaudible 02:15:20] And if you have a problem figuring out whether you’re for me or Trump, then you ain’t black.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:15:25)
There is not a single solitary reason in the world why. Why, as I said, we shouldn’t be in a position that everybody, and that’s my wife, Jill, Hey Jilly, I’m Jill’s husband actually.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:15:39)
And Corn Pop was a bad dude. And he ran a bunch of bad boys. And I did, Jake. And back in those days you show how things have changed.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:15:49)
Play the radio, make sure the television, excuse me, make sure you have the record player on at night. Make sure the kids hear words.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:15:58)
We hold these truths to be self-evident. All men and women created by… you know the thing.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:16:05)
Because if you could take care [inaudible 02:16:08] quartermaster, you can sure as hell take care of running a department store thing, the second floor of the ladies department, you know what I mean?

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:16:18)
Well, I’m sick and tired of smart guys.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:16:25)
You know, the rapidly rising in with, I don’t know… You been to caucus. No you haven’t. You’re a lying dog-faced pony soldier.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:16:42)
[inaudible 02:16:42] Why, why, why, why, why, why, why you’re getting nervous, man.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:16:45)
What kind of country we’re going to be? Four more years of George [inaudible 02:16:49] going to find ourselves in a position where, if Trump gets elected, we’re going to be in a different world.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:16:58)
Lie, after lie, after lie, after lie.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:17:03)
You know, we have to come together. That’s why I’m running. I’m running as a proud Democrat for the Senate.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:17:09)
And by the way, you know I sit on the stand and they get hot. I got hairy legs that turn blonde in the sun. And the kids used to come up and reach in the pool and rub my leg down so it was straight and then watch the hair come back up again, they’d look at it. So I learned about roaches. I learned about kids jumping on my lap and I’d love kids jumping on my lap.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:17:38)
Barack and I think it’s a right for people to have [inaudible 02:17:42] care.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:17:42)
We have to do at least several things. One, we have to depend on what the president’s going to do right now. And first of all, he has to tell, wait until the cases before anything happens with… Look exacerbating need for environmental justice… Sorry, there’s a bug.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:18:02)
Folks, we got a lot of work to do. I don’t even need you to get me elected.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:18:06)
It’s a case where we cannot let this… We’ve never allowed any crisis from the civil war straight through to the pandemic of 17, all the way round 16, we have never, never let our democracy second fiddle. We can both have a democracy and elections, and at the same time, correct the public health.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:18:27)
Everywhere. I’ve been hearing all around the country. You’re trying your breast but it never feels like enough.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:18:35)
And here comes the train that he tried to make sure didn’t continue to run. That’s the community. But folks, look.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:18:49)
Anyway, I am very willing to let the American public judge my physical, as well as my mental fitness.

Vice President Mike Pence: (02:18:59)
I’ll lead an effective strategy to mobilize [inaudible 00:02:19:04].

Donald Trump: (02:19:19)
Thank you very much. Look, you can’t let this happen to our country. Okay? We know what’s going on. You can’t let this. This was a total fluke. This was a total fluke. In prime time he didn’t work and now it’s really not working. What a disaster. I can’t believe this is even happening.

Donald Trump: (02:20:05)
It puts much more pressure on me running against a guy like this. You lost to somebody that was good, can you imagine the concept of losing to this guy? You better get out there and vote tomorrow. I will be so angry I will never come back to Michigan, I’ll never come back. I’ll tell Japan to bring all those plants they held back.

Donald Trump: (02:20:31)
Joining us tonight are some great warriors, great people. Congressman Bill Huizenga. Bill, where is Bill? Thank you very much. Everything good? You’re doing great. Thank you, Bill.

Donald Trump: (02:20:49)
Congressional candidate, Peter Meijer. Peter, where’s Peter? Where’s Peter? Peter, you don’t have a good location. What happened to Peter? Peter’s here someplace and I hear he’s doing great.

Donald Trump: (02:21:03)
House Speaker, Lee Chatfield. Lee? Thank you, Lee, great job you’re doing.

Donald Trump: (02:21:12)
RNC Chair, I’ll tell you what a job she did. What a job she did. Ronna McDaniel. Where are you Ronna?. What a job she’s done. We won this great state with her leadership. Thank you, Ronna, very much, great job.

Donald Trump: (02:21:34)
State GOP Chair, Laura Cox. Laura? Good job. Are we going to win? Otherwise, we will fire you so fast.

Donald Trump: (02:21:53)
No, I think we’re going to have a tremendous victory in Michigan. I think we’re going to have a tremendous victory in all of these States they’re talking about, I see all of them. We’re going to have a tremendous evening, I hope so. For the good of our country, I hope so. You see the alternative, I’m sorry. But this is not just an alternative. We’re doing a great job, but we want to keep it going. Okay. We got to keep it going and we’re going to.

Donald Trump: (02:22:18)
A very special person. Medal of Honor recipient, Jim McCloughan. Jim, where are you? Great job. He’s a very brave one. Thank you very much, Jim. Congratulations, that’s a great honor. Our highest honor.

Donald Trump: (02:22:36)
Ted Nugent, and he is great. Where is Ted? Great job, Ted. He’s been from day one, right, Ted? Great job. Thank you very much for everything. I appreciate it. I love your sound. I love your music. And speaking of sound, music and other things, one of the big superstars of the world, Little Pimp. There he is. How’s it going? Do you want to come up and say something? Come on. Lil Pump, come on up here, come on up here. Does everyone know who he is? You know how big he is? Come on up here. It’s a nice hat. Come on, say something.

Lil Pump: (02:23:32)
Hello everybody, how are you guys feeling? I’ve come here to say, Mr. President, I appreciate everything you’ve done for our country. You brought the troops home and you’re doing the right thing. MAGA 20, 20, 20, don’t forget that. Don’t forget that. And do not vote for sleepy Joe, at all.

Donald Trump: (02:23:58)
Thank you/ That’s great, thank you very much, I appreciate it. That’s very nice. Big star, big star. That’s very impressive.

Donald Trump: (02:24:29)
For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked black Americans. He called young black men, super predators. To every black American, I am asking you to get out tomorrow and vote. This is your one and only chance. Thank you. Thank you, man. Thank you very much. To show Joe Biden what you think of his decision to attack you, to jail you, to betray you and I’m fighting for you and you know what we’ve done? What we’ve done is really something that nobody thought could have happened. Other administrations, in particular, the last administration didn’t make even a move to try and get it done. We got criminal justice reform done. We got prison reform done. We got opportunities zones all done and complete. Tim Scott. We had funding for historically black colleges and universities completed and done, and it’s an honor to have done it. And I say it all the time, with the exception of Abraham Lincoln, no president has done as much for the black community as President Trump. And I’m very proud of that, very proud of that.

Donald Trump: (02:25:54)
Thank you. It’s been an honor. It’s been an honor. Biden has vowed to increase refugee admissions from terrorist nations by over 700%, including from Syria, Somalia and Yemen. The Biden plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin, and the entire Midwest into a virtual refugee camp. I am keeping radical Islamic terrorists, if you don’t mind, the hell out of our country.

Donald Trump: (02:26:25)
And if you take a look at France over the last week, they’re having a devastating problem. Another problem happened today, a very big problem in Europe and we don’t want it. We don’t want that problem. We don’t need it. We don’t want it. We invested $2.5 trillion in the United States military, biggest investment we’ve ever made. We are the envy of every country, militarily, Russia, China, North Korea. Everybody looks at what we have, nobody. Tanks, F35s, super fighter jets, tankers, submarines, missiles, rockets, hypersonic missiles, they go seven times faster than our fastest missile, fastest in the world. All of the things we’ve done in our nuclear plants and our nuclear capability is now at the highest level and it’s all in tippy top shape. And you just have to pray to God that we’d never used it. That’s all we say. Pray to God that we never use it.

Donald Trump: (02:27:34)
We have the best in the world, all by the way, made in the USA and made a lot of it made right here in Michigan. A lot of it made right here in Michigan. We also passed VA veterans choice and veterans accountability, VA accountability. 91%. We killed the leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi. We eliminated the world’s top terrorist, Soleimani is dead. I recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, had been working on that for 52 years.

Donald Trump: (02:28:24)
And instead of endless wars, we are now forging peace in the Middle East, and we’re getting it done. It’s going to happen very quickly, you watch. A vote for me and The Republican Party is a vote for the American dream. And remember, Abraham Lincoln was a proud member of The Republican Party, Abraham Lincoln.

Donald Trump: (02:28:47)
In conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China once and for all, which is already taking place. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. With God’s help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms, your second amendment. Which is under siege, but it’s 100% secure with us in this position, Mike, right? We will never touch it.

Donald Trump: (02:29:32)
We will maintain America’s unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, which goes into effect on January 1st, bigger than healthcare. Lower drug prices even more. We have signed and done something that’s never been done on prescription drug prices, favored nations. It will bring drug prices down 50, 60, 70%, like you’ve never seen before. And the drug companies, big pharma, does not exactly like your favorite president, I will tell you, but that’s okay. We broke a log jam. Favored nations, nobody thought we’d ever do that, we did. And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. That’s starting very soon.

Donald Trump: (02:30:37)
We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, in God we trust. For years you had a president who apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of Michigan.

Donald Trump: (02:31:20)
Tomorrow, you have the power, with the power of your vote, but you have a power to save America, for this country will never be a socialist nation. We will never allow that to happen. Together we can finish the job and drain the Washington swamp once and for all. Nobody knew it was so deep and so vicious, but we have done some job. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers and get out and vote. Most important election perhaps in the history of our country. I never thought I’d say that. After what we went through four years ago, I said, “There’ll never be anything like that. Never be anything like what we went through.” And this is the most important election, maybe in the history of our country, from Midland to Mackinac, from Pontiac to Battle Creek and from Detroit to right here in Grand Rapids, I love Grand Rapids.

Donald Trump: (02:32:27)
We inherit the legacy of American patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears to defend our country, our families, and our freedom. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the ocean, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world. And the best is yet to come. The best is yet to come.

Donald Trump: (02:33:04)
Proud citizens like you, who helped build this country, together we will take back our country. We’re taking it back at a level that nobody has believed. We are taking it back and we are winning and we’re going to win tomorrow. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God and together with the incredible people of Michigan, we have made America powerful again. Our military, it’s never been like this. We have made America wealthy again. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you, Michigan. Go out and vote. Thank you very much. Thank you.


Donald Trump: (02:39)
Thank you. That’s a lot of people. That’s a lot of people. Look at that. That’s incredible. I hope the fake news media is turning their cameras way, way back there. That’s incredible. Hello, Omaha. And I have to also say, because a lot of people are here from Iowa. Hello, Iowa. Okay. Wait a minute. Who’s from Iowa? Raise, go. Who’s from Omaha?

Donald Trump: (03:08)
You know what? We’re going to be in Iowa soon. We’ll do that one separately. That’s a big difference. Seven days from now, we’re going to win Nebraska, and we’re going to win four more years in the great White House. That’s beautiful, beautiful White House. This is… Look at this. I can’t believe this. 29,000 people can you believe it? 29,000.

Donald Trump: (03:37)
You know, we have to win both Nebraska’s, you know that right? You have two, you’re cut. We’re going to win both. This election is a choice between the Trump super recovery, which is what we’re having, or a Biden depression, sad to say. And some bad news just came out on Biden. But I won’t tell you about that. You’ll find that out tomorrow.

Donald Trump: (04:15)
Look at you. Man, that’s something. Biden has pledged the biggest tax hike in the history of our country. First man, that I’ve ever seen campaign on the fact, “I’m going to raise your taxes.” What’s going on? I gave working families, record-setting tax cuts, and in my second term, I will cut middle class taxes, very substantially more. By the way, a lot of things are going on. You’re seeing those poll numbers, they’re going through the roof. I hate to tell.

Donald Trump: (04:54)
Where is the fake news? It’s over there? Oh, that’s a lot of cameras. No, it’s going up. They’re very concerned. They’re very, very concerned. All over. Florida is looking great. Now, Nebraska we know is looking great. Okay? I mean, in theory, I didn’t really have to be here, but it’s nice to be with your friends. With your vote we will continue to bring back our jobs, support our police, defend our second amendment, which is under siege, secure our borders, maintain American energy independence, expand school choice, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase, that beautiful phrase, beautiful phrase, made in the USA, right?

Donald Trump: (05:50)
I will deliver record prosperity, epic job growth, and a safe vaccine that eradicates the virus and quickly ends the pandemic. We’re making that final turn. They don’t want to hear it. We’re making that turn. You know that right? We’re going to have the vaccine anyway with, or without it, we’re making the turn. Normal life will fully resume. That’s all we want. We want normal life, normal life, go back seven months, we’ll take normal life, greatest economy we ever had. We want normal life and next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. That’s where we’re heading. Super V. Joe Biden doesn’t even respect you enough to campaign. He never came here, right? Did he come here? Oh. All right, so that’s the end of that. I’ll see you guys, I don’t have… Moments ago, we learned about the other reason Joe Biden has been hiding in his basement, in a national television interview… Do you want me to tell you the rest? The Biden family’s business partner revealed shocking, disturbing, and explosive information about Joe Biden’s corrupt and illicit foreign business dealings while he was Vice President.

Donald Trump: (07:17)
The business partner made clear that Biden’s denial of involvement in his son’s corrupt business dealings was a blatant lie with proof. He stated with firsthand knowledge, that Vice President Biden was directly and personally involved in establishing corrupt business dealings with China and getting money for it. This all happened at the same time as Biden was letting China steal American jobs and plunder American wealth. You saw that for eight years. If Biden wins, China wins, and China will own the USA. If Biden wins he will do bad things. By the way, he’s not a good guy. Just so you understand.

Donald Trump: (08:20)
Is there any place you would rather be than a Trump rally on about a 10 degree evening? 10 degrees. Yeah, it’s cold out here, but that’s okay. You know, we just left Wisconsin? It was cold. And we left Michigan, it was cold and raining. And I said, “I won’t put on a hat because I’m going to show you how tough we are.” That was a tough one. It was pouring. It was pouring and it was freezing. And it’s the coldest right here. Right? It’s a little later. It’s an honor to be with you I have to say. When we win, you win, Nebraska wins, and all of America wins, and that’s the way we want it.

Donald Trump: (09:10)
Joe Biden has spent the last 47 years, think of it, 47. 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign, ridiculous wars. Countries you’ve never even heard of. In 2016, Nebraska voted to fire this corrupt political establishment, and you elected an outsider as president who finally put America first. And if I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician it’s because I’m not a politician.

Donald Trump: (09:53)
If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for you. And I fought harder for you than any president who’s ever held this wonderful, beautiful office. That I can tell you. This election is a matter of economic survival for Omaha and for communities all across our country. Joe Biden’s agenda, and I’m not sure it’s only Biden’s agenda, let’s face it. It’s not his agenda. It sounds nice, Biden’s agenda. The guys shot. He’s shot. He’s so gonzo. You saw him yesterday, they took him away.

Donald Trump: (10:37)
I was in Pennsylvania with these tremendous, crowds like this, tremendous rallies; and he had the lid on, right? You know, the lid, like from a garbage can, they call it the lid. They saw what was happening, because I went to three of them. I did three of them yesterday in Pennsylvania. So he went from Delaware to the closest point where Pennsylvania hits Delaware, which was about five minutes away from his basement. He made a speech, just before that he called me George. He said, “George,” I think he was talking about Georgia. His wife was sitting next to him and you could see she was not happy.

Donald Trump: (11:17)
But it’s hard to correct him, the camera’s on, but he called me George. Then he did the little speech and it wasn’t good. They sort of just moved him out. They took him away, his own people, brush him off. They took them off stage. This is not what you can have. We have the greatest country in the world. We have more potential than any country in the world. We can’t play games. We can’t play games.

Donald Trump: (11:41)
So the Democrats, let’s say the Democrats, the radical left Democrats, they have an extreme agenda. He’s just a vehicle. He’ll be there for about four weeks or so. Then you’ll have Kamala, Kamala. That will not be the first woman president. You’re going to have a woman president, maybe soon, maybe soon, but you’re not going to have a Kamala. Can’t be Kamala. She’s further left by far then crazy Bernie. Bernie is like a conservative compared to her, but Biden’s extreme agenda includes a radical vision to destroy suburbs across our nation. How are your suburbs doing? Don’t ask. Are they good? They won’t be good for longer, if they get it. And to completely dismantle law enforcement and cripple police departments nationwide, you know what’s going on. You see it better than anybody. You don’t have to take my word for it. Biden’s plan to destroy suburbs and police just take a look, roll the tape. We do this view on this freezing cold night.

Speaker 2: (12:50)
The suburbs today are not the suburbs of half a century ago. The suburbs are far more diverse than the cities, but they’re being targeted. Being targeted for what? Federalized, centralized government control by the left.

Speaker 3: (13:05)
Democrats want to abolish the suburbs. They are too clean and nice, and therefore by definition, they are racist. The Biden campaign has highly specific plans on how to do this. It’s called Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing. It’s a HUD regulation. It was written during the Obama administration, Biden’s advisors plan to enforce it. Towns will be ordered to abolish zoning for single family housing, because single family homes, needless to say are racist. Low-income federally subsidized apartments will go up in the suburbs.

Joe Biden: (13:36)
We’ll also build 1.5 million new energy efficient homes and public housing units.

Speaker 2: (13:46)
Thankfully Trump repealed this rule back in July, but now the left is backing an even more radical plan. It was a bill put forward by Senator Cory Booker to push low-income housing developments into the suburbs. This would be a federal takeover of local zoning laws in essence.

Speaker 4: (14:03)
… federal takeover of local zoning laws in essence and Biden, he fully supports it.

Donald Trump: (14:10)
The prior administration piled up more than 600 major new regulations, a cruel and punishing regulatory burden that cost the average American an additional $2,300 per year. Think of that. The average American, $2,300, regulation, hitting low-income Americans by far the hardest. Our historic regulatory relief is providing the average American household an extra $3,100 every single year.

Speaker 2: (14:44)
I’ve had the luxury of enjoying the benefit of the tax cuts. The tax cuts allowed me to grow my businesses.

Speaker 5: (14:50)
I believe that if you take into account the Trump tax cut, you take into account the drop in unemployment and particularly unemployment for African-Americans, the lowest it’s ever been in history.

Speaker 6: (15:05)
How’s the economy right now?

Speaker 7: (15:06)
We’re loving it.

Speaker 8: (15:07)
Kennedy credits the Trump tax cuts and deregulation for her company’s growth.

Speaker 9: (15:12)
It’s the first time in 10 years that it’s booming again.

Speaker 10: (15:15)
The tax cuts that were imposed did wonders for the middle class.

Donald Trump: (15:22)
I will cut taxes even further for hard working moms and dads. I will not raise taxes. I will cut them.

Speaker 11: (15:30)
First thing I do is going to repeal this Trump tax cut.

Crowd: (15:32)
Boo!

Speaker 12: (15:40)
Do you believe there is systemic racism in law enforcement?

Speaker 11: (15:44)
Absolutely.

Speaker 13: (15:44)
I’ve been a police officer for nearly 32 years. Joe Biden does not have the backs of police officers.

Speaker 14: (15:50)
Joe Biden staffers, they gave money to a fund to help bail out accused criminals.

Speaker 15: (15:56)
Joe Biden’s silence is encouraging the rioters.

Speaker 16: (15:59)
Kamala Harris is working to help the instigators, the criminals get out of jail.

Speaker 17: (16:03)
If Joe Biden’s elected, it just going to continue.

Speaker 18: (16:06)
Everyone beware because they’re not going to stop.

Speaker 19: (16:11)
Only person who defended the police is Trump.

Speaker 20: (16:13)
I have had overwhelming support from police my whole career up until this year.

Speaker 21: (16:18)
We can reduce the responsibilities assigned to the police and redirect some of the funding for police. Can we agree that we can redirect some of the funding?

Speaker 11: (16:26)
Yes, absolutely.

Speaker 22: (16:27)
In Joe Biden’s America, we’ll all be in danger. If you support the police and you want to be safe in your home and you want your children safe, support Donald Trump.

Donald Trump: (16:39)
Thank you. Thank you very much. Well, that’s pretty effective. You know what that costs to bring to you tonight?

Crowd: (16:51)
Four more years!

Donald Trump: (17:00)
Thank you.

Crowd: (17:01)
Four more years!

Donald Trump: (17:01)
Thank you.

Crowd: (17:01)
Four more years! Four more years!

Donald Trump: (17:01)
Thank you very much.

Crowd: (17:01)
Four more years!

Donald Trump: (17:01)
Thank you very much. Pretty effective, right? You see it. It saves me a lot of words. I can sit here, watch. I say, “See?” No, he’s not the right guy. He’s not the right guy. He’s not right for this country. He’s not the guy for this country. This election is a choice between the American dream, which is what we want and a socialist nightmare, which is where you would head if you ever did that, which I don’t believe you’ll do. It’s a choice between a Trump boom and a Biden lockdown. He wants to lock it all down. No. We closed it up. We understand the disease. It’s a terrible thing. Should never have been allowed to come here from China. Should never have been allowed.

Donald Trump: (17:44)
Joe Biden will delay the vaccine, postpone therapies, prolong the pandemic, shutter your schools, right? Shutter your schools, destroy your small businesses and shut down our country. We’re not doing that. Look, we are setting records, 11.4 million people. It’s all opened up. We understand it. And we are doing a job. We are literally setting records on employment. Look at housing, look at automobile production. Look at how you’re doing in Nebraska. Look at how you’re doing in Nebraska.

Donald Trump: (18:21)
Biden even wants to lock down young and healthy Americans yet for those under the age of 50, I hate to say this, under the age of 50. How many are under the age of 50? Pretty young. Well, I have good news for you. 99.99, okay, you know what that means? That means you’re in good shape. That’s what that means. But you notice the fake news now, right? All they talk about is COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID and we’ve made such progress. It’s incredible. Excuse me. I’m here. Right? I’m here. Right?

Donald Trump: (19:07)
I mean, I wasn’t exactly feeling great. It’s been a long time. I wasn’t exactly feeling great. Man, I met with great doctors. One thing when you’re president, you got plenty of doctors. We have one of them here tonight, I think. Right? We have our great White House doctors traveling. Sean, he’s become very famous. Where is Sean? He’s become … Oh, is that Sean. Look at Sean. Look at him. Wow. You know, he’s got a big ego. He loves it when I mention his name. No, he’s a great doctor. They were great doctors from Johns Hopkins and from Walter Reed and everything else. And what we know today is like so different than what we knew six months ago. Incredible.

Donald Trump: (19:52)
The progress they’ve made and with the vaccines, which are coming immediately, even without, we’re turning that corner. You know, at some point we’re turning that corner and it’s been pretty amazing. Florida had a rough time. Boom, it stepped back. It’s all the way down. Texas, all the way down. Arizona, great governors, all the way down. Biden’s cruel and senseless lock downs would cause countless deaths from suicide, drug overdose and delayed medical care, alcohol. I’ve been so many, so many different problems. Remember, I’d say the cure can not be worse than the problem itself. That’s what you have.

Donald Trump: (20:34)
When I banned traveled from China, remember he said now. He says, “Oh, we should have done it sooner.” Except when I banned it. For two and a half months, he said he shouldn’t do that. He’s xenophobic. Right? And now he says, “Oh, I should’ve done it earlier.” And he had a thing called the swine flu. It was a disaster, much less lethal. It was a disaster. He was a disaster. He’s still a disaster actually.

Donald Trump: (20:59)
If we listen to Joe, countless more people would have died. They were anticipating it could be 2.2 million. You don’t hear that, 2.2 million. And you know the number. It’s still one is too many as far as I’m concerned. One is too many. It shouldn’t have happened. One is too many, but it could have been 2.2. It could have been more than that. Biden was willing to sacrifice your lives on the altar of open borders. He wants open borders. Without borders, you don’t have a country. By the way, the wall is now over 400 miles long and we’re building 10 miles a week and it’s very soon going to be finished. So we have the strongest southern border we’ve ever had. And we want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally and they have to come in through Marin. Marin.

Donald Trump: (21:54)
Biden has no plan, no idea, no clue. He has no clue. That’s for sure. And he just wants to lock up and throw away the keys, letting rioters and looters run wild. And you know, it’s interesting. They call them peaceful protestors. They burn down your cities. They do things that nobody’s seen before all in radical left Democrat run cities and states, but cities, all of them, all of them. And every time we go in, we were going to go into Seattle. We let them know we’re coming in. The night before we came in, they gave up, they left. They took over a piece of Seattle. That wasn’t going to last.

Donald Trump: (22:34)
Minneapolis, the same thing. We went into Minneapolis. We went in, you know, we have to be asked in theory, by the state. We went into Minneapolis and it all ended. It took about, what do you think? 25 minutes or so. It was just boom, right down the street. Now, the Republican run cities are doing very well. The Republican run cities. And I hope you agree because I know he’s here, but you have a very good Republican governor. You do know that, yeah? Whoa. Listen to that. Good. Good. Hi, Pete. Good. You know, I’m glad they did that. You know, I want to do the … Otherwise, I just wouldn’t introduce you later. You know, keep it quiet. They like you, Pete.

Donald Trump: (23:19)
The Biden plan will crush you and crush your family. My plan will crush the virus and you will see economic benefits like we’ve never seen in our country before. That’s what we’re having. When the China plague arrived, we moved heaven and earth to fight the disease. We airlifted medical supplies, pioneered groundbreaking therapies, reduced the fatality rate 85%. Think of that and saved over two million lives. Our excess mortality rate has been 42% less than Europe. You hear about Europe, 42% less, much better than Europe.

Donald Trump: (23:59)
I’m working to make the breakthrough treatment that I received. I did. I had this thing called Regeneron. I don’t know. I’d like to say it had nothing to do. I’d like to say my immune system is just like Baron Trump. You know, first lady had it. I had it. Baron had it. They said, “Sir, Baron has tested positive.” Like 12 minutes later, I said, “How’s Baron doing?” “Oh, he’s okay now, sir. He threw it away.” He just took that, threw it away, you know? They’re young and they have strong immune systems, but I’d like to say the treatment didn’t do anything for me. Doctor, do you hear that? I just threw it away like Baron.

Donald Trump: (24:39)
But you know what? I wasn’t going to take my chance. I said, “You have something, give it to me.” And it was effective because I woke up the next morning after being with these doctors, they wanted to touch every single part of your body and I didn’t like it. Twelve of them. Each one was a specialist, right? Every single one, but they were great. No, they were great. But I woke up the next morning and I tell you, I felt like, “Get me out of here. It was amazing.” So, I really think this thing was great. It’s great. I think it was great.

Donald Trump: (25:15)
And you know, I don’t have the luxury of staying in a basement. I’m president of the United States. I don’t. I can’t be staying. I really can’t. You can’t stay. I had a lot of meetings. I meet a lot of people. As president, I have that obligation. So we have basements in the White House I could stay. We have beautiful bedrooms upstairs at the White House I could stay for a year and a half. I can’t do that. I have to be working for you. And if something happens, it happens. And I get, you know, they came in, they said, “Sir, you’ve tested positive.” I said, “Tested positive for what?” Then you go into one of the 27 different names, corona, this, this, this, China virus, the China plague, the China plague. That’s what I tested positive for. But it was amazing. And it was actually an experience.

Donald Trump: (26:04)
And until I came along, you were supposed to have lifetime immunity. Right? I said, “Well, I’m recovered. I feel great. And I’m immune.” I could jump right into this road. I could kiss every man and woman, every man and woman. But because it was me, the press said, “No, it’s not for a lifetime. It’s only for four months. Immunity is only now for four months.” They brought it down, right? It was always going to be for a lifetime, now it’s four months. So what are you going to do? What are you going to do? It’s one of those things, but I guarantee you this. On November 4th, you won’t be hearing as much about this. It’s going to be … right now, it’s, COVID, COVID, COVID no matter what happens. COVID, COVID.

Donald Trump: (26:42)
And on November 4th, you’ll probably try and find some information about it. No, we’re rounding the turn. We’re rounding that beautiful turn and it’s going to be very good. The vaccines all going to make it go away a lot faster and they’re going to be great. The greatest companies, the greatest companies of their kind in the world, they’re doing it. Really good. Johnson & Johnson, Moderna, they really are great. Pfizer.

Donald Trump: (27:07)
Thanks to our relentless efforts, 97% of all current emergency room visits are for something other than the virus. Think of that, 97%. We’re in great shape. And in the one areas, the Midwest, a little areas in the Midwest, certain areas that are heated up right now, they’ll go down. They’ll go down very quickly. There’ll be down within two weeks they’re figuring. They’ll go down just like they did in Florida, Texas, Arizona and so many others. We’re on track to deliver 100 million doses of a safe vaccine and a great vaccine. And that’s all set. We’re all set logistically. Our military is going to deliver it. It’ll be done very quickly. We will vanquish the vaccine and we will get rid of this whole thing. We will get rid of this virus. It’ll be very, you watch, it’s going to happen very quickly and we’re going to have our country back. And the whole world-

Donald Trump: (28:03)
… and we’re going to have our country back and the whole world is going to be coming back. This was a terrible, terrible thing that happened, terrible thing that happened. Terrible thing that happened. Joe Biden has made a corrupt bargain, in exchange for his party’s nomination he has handed control of his party over to the rage filled socialist, Marxists, and left wing extremists. And could we put another name in there? Starts with a C, communist, yes. No, we got a couple of them too, unfortunately. If Biden wins, the flag burning extremists on the streets will be running your government, it’s not going to happen.

Donald Trump: (28:41)
By the way, just so you know, we are so far… You listen to the fakers back there, look at them. You listen to the fake news, we are so far ahead, this is going to be bigger than four years ago. By the way, get out and vote, that the only thing I’m standing here freezing, I ask you one little favor, get that hell out and vote. The great red wave. At least you’re down there with each other, I’m all up here and that wind is blowing.

Donald Trump: (29:21)
This election day you must stop the anti-American radicals and, really, I mean, that’s what they are, they’re radicals. We can solve these problems so quickly if the governments would just say, “Would you please come in federal government?” We’d stop it in a matter of minutes, it goes so fast. The radical’s delivering Joe Biden, you have to do this, you have to deliver them a message, the far left, a thundering defeat at the ballot box on November 3rd. It’s got to be a big one, we’ve got to win big. And we’re going to win big, I watching them and they’re getting… Like three weeks ago, I don’t know, they were doing these fake polls and they felt very good. And then a week ago they were feeling okay, they’re not feeling so good right now. They’re saying, “These are not good numbers.”

Donald Trump: (30:09)
Was that one of the greatest evenings ever four years ago? And you know, the difference is, and I say this is easier, there’s more… Look at this crowd, I mean, we had big crowds, we didn’t have crowds like this. Look at this crowd 29,000. You have 29, 000 people in Omaha, that’s pretty good. And you’re all on television. Say, “Hello.” You’re on national television. See all the red lights? That means the cameras are going, that means those cameras are going. 29,000 people, they say, 29,000. Yeah.

Donald Trump: (30:53)
You know who spoke today? President Barack Hussein Obama. He had 12 people in seven cars, did you hear the… No, he draws flies. I’ve never seen… He draws… He had no people, I thought he’d have some people. And he bought Bon Jovi along, you know what happened to Bon Jovi? They increased the crowd by 22 people, can you believe that? And then Joe spoke and that crowd left and we have 29,000 people here and we had a tremendous crowd in Michigan, had a tremendous crowd in Wisconsin. And they’re trying to figure out like, if Trump is getting these crowds and if Biden’s getting like 12 people, you know the circles, he fills in the circles, they got like five of them. And a lot of times they put reporters in there cause they have no people.

Donald Trump: (31:47)
But today he tried to blame that on COVID also. He said, “No, no, we don’t seek large crowds,” because of the virus, right? They don’t want the large crowd. That’s not the reason, okay? That’s not the reason. It’s a hell of an excuse, but it’s not the reason.

Donald Trump: (32:05)
We’re thrilled to be joined by the man we were just talking about, he’s a friend of mine, he loves his state, he loves his country and he’s a great governor, Pete Ricketts. Pete, Great job. Great job. What a good guy. What a good man. How’s your state doing, Pete?

Gov. Pete Ricketts: (32:23)
It’s wonderful, [inaudible 00:04:24].

Donald Trump: (32:24)
All right, good. How are we doing? By the way, we’re going to be okay here, right?

Gov. Pete Ricketts: (32:27)
[inaudible 00:32:29].

Donald Trump: (32:29)
He says, “Good.” Good, thank you very much, Pete. And his brother Todd, another one really good. Now there’s only two people that are better, Joe and Marlene. Now Todd is great, but they will both admit Joe and Marlene are better, right? And you’re here. Hi Joe. I like the hat, Hi Joe. You got to be proud of your boys, they’re doing a great job, thank you very much. Thank you very much, great family.

Donald Trump: (32:53)
Here as well are Senators, Deb Fischer, who’s fantastic. She is my favorite Senator from the State of Nebraska, by far, by far. She’s fantastic. She is. I’ll tell you what she calls me, it doesn’t stop. Between her and Joni Ernst from Iowa, who I think is here, where’s Joni? Joni. Joni. They call, “Sir, we need help with ethanol. Sir, we need help with corn. We need…” It’s always… But you know what? That’s what a great Senator, that’s what a great Representative is supposed to do, right? Joni, thank you very much. And I heard you doing very well, I just saw some very nice numbers. And Deb, you don’t have to worry about numbers, right? You don’t have to worry about numbers. I’m with you all the time. Thank you both. And yeah, it looks very good in Iowa. Thank you very much. Good.

Donald Trump: (33:57)
Add Representatives, Jeff Fortenberry, a warrior, where’s Jeff? Thank you, Jeff. Great guy. Don Bacon. Whoa, what’s this? Wow. Wow. Well, I like him too, but I don’t know if I like him that much. That’s very good. I’ll tell you, you better get me on Omaha, you understand that? Now I know, I wouldn’t have asked him, but now I’m going to say, “Make sure we win this side too,” right? Good. How are we doing Don, I hear good. Good, huh?

Rep. Don Bacon: (34:42)
We’re doing [inaudible 00:34:42].

Donald Trump: (34:43)
Good. I’m very impressed, that’s about as good as I’ve heard in a long time. And Adrian Smith. Adrian, great job. Great job. Great to have you here. It’s a great group of people and these are warriors, they fought with me a lot. They fought with me, we keep winning over there, but it’s not easy, right? But it gets easier and easier all the time. Thank you very much, I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: (35:12)
For decades, our politicians spent trillions and trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign Wars, and defending foreign borders, but now we are finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities and we are bringing our jobs, our factories, and our troops back home to the USA. Our troops are coming home. Thank you. No, our troops are coming back home, that’s enough. 19 years in Afghanistan and we have it worked in they’re coming home and it’s a great thing. And they’re home from Syria, they’re home, I left some because we kept the oil, if you don’t mind, there was some oil and we captured it, we kept it. And coming home from Iraq. It’s enough, it’s enough, we want to have them all home. We have a lot of other countries too, we were in many, many, many countries, most of which you’ve never even heard of, right? You never even heard of, it’s ridiculous. And, by the way, making our military stronger by far than ever before. I ended the NAFTA nightmare and proudly signed the brand new USMCA, which is turning out to be phenomenal, it’s a great deal. It’s a great deal, just kicked in now. And you know what? Companies will not be leaving Nebraska and Iowa and all of our places, there is a very big disincentive for them to do that.

Donald Trump: (36:50)
When China targeted our farmers, I delivered $28 billion to our incredible farmers here in Nebraska, and Iowa, and all across the country. Don’t forget to tell the people of Iowa that, please. $28 billion, I said to the Secretary, Sonny Perdue, of Agriculture. Sonny is great. I said, “Sonny, how much were the farmers targeted?” And he said, “$12 billion, sir and $16 billion,” two years, 12 and 16. I said, “28, good.” So I tariffed $28 billion, took it from China and distributed it to our farmers, nobody else is going to do that.

Donald Trump: (37:32)
In fact, some people say our farmers do better now than they did when they actually had to farm. But we did, we had the biggest order of corn two weeks ago in the history of our country, the biggest order of soybeans, and the biggest beef order, right? Two weeks ago. Joe Biden’s running mate, the most liberal member of the US Senate, you know who that is, sponsors the insane Green New Deal, $100 trillion, you too can have no windows in your buildings. Which would wipe out the ethanol industry, Joni, it would totally wipe out that industry. We worked hard on that industry and then now in good shape. Devastating Nebraska and devastating Iowa, as president I will always defend ethanol, okay? All right? Does Nebraska like ethanol too, by the way? Okay good, I need that little assurance. I need that little bit of assurance.

Donald Trump: (38:40)
Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure border in us history, our Southern border, largely because of the wall. My opponent’s insane immigration plan would completely eliminate US borders. Open borders they want to have, let’s have open borders so everyone can just pour it like they used to. He would make every community into a sanctuary city for violent criminals. So we invested $2.5 trillion, a lot of it right here from this state and from Joni, from Iowa, $2.5 trillion, new equipment, our military is in the best shape it’s ever been in, we have the greatest equipment anywhere in the world. We are the envy of every other country: Russia, China, North Korea. We have the best missiles, and rockets, and tanks, and planes, and fighter jets, F-35s, submarines, and our nuclear weapons are now renovated and/or new and fixed, and we only hope to God we never have to use them. Hope to God.

Donald Trump: (39:51)
Our military was very much in bad shape. It was depleted. It was depleted. It was exhausted, it was ridiculous. We killed the leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi, they were looking for him for a long time. And we took out the world’s top terrorist, Soleimani is dead. I withdrew from the last administration’s disastrous and ridiculous Iran Nuclear Deal, $150 billion we paid, for nothing. And $1.8 billion in cash, I’m more impressed with that. What do you think, pop? I think I’m more impressed, $ 150 billion or $1.8 billion in cash, I think I’m more impressed with the cash. You ever hear everything like that? That’s what we gave to Iran for nothing, we got nothing.

Donald Trump: (40:40)
I recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. And I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, think on that. They kept that they worked on that for 52 years, I got it done in two hours. And instead of never ending Wars in the Middle East, you see what’s happening, already three countries, we have five lined up and we’re going to have another, it’s going to be… it’s an easy one, it’s a lot easier than you would think. They worked on this for 35 years, they had the wrong people, they had the wrong concepts.

Donald Trump: (41:21)
But I got nominated for three Nobel Peace Prizes, can you believe it? Can you believe it? And for all different regions, like Kosovo and Serbia were doing deals, trade deals, just normally we’re doing trade deals, I said, “Wait a minute, aren’t they always fighting each other?”

Donald Trump: (41:40)
“Yeah.”

Donald Trump: (41:40)
“Aren’t they always killing each other?”

Donald Trump: (41:42)
“Yeah, for many decades, sir, how did you know?” I said, “I know, they’re killing… They fight each other all the time. Tell him we’re not going to do any business with them. They want our business, right? And we’re not going to do any business unless we make a deal where they stop killing each other.” And you know what? It took about 20 minutes. They’ve been fighting for 40 years, I think they’d been fighting for 400 years, you want to know the truth, but-

Donald Trump: (42:03)
I think they’ve been fighting for 400 years, you want to know the truth, but they’ve been fighting for a long time. They want to make a deal. All of a sudden, two months ago, they’re in the Oval Office hugging and kissing and [inaudible 00:00:14]. That was easy, Joe. Right? That was easy. It just makes sense. I just said, “Hey, why don’t we get them together? I mean, we’re going to do these two deals. Tell them to stop fighting, and we save a lot of lives. That’s a good thing.” But we’re forging peace in the Middle East without blood all over the sand, and we’re not spending money. You’re doing it either… Something very nice is we’re pulling out.

Donald Trump: (42:36)
A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American dream. It’s a vote for acknowledgement that Abraham Lincoln was a Republican. Is that nice? People don’t know that. A lot of people don’t know that. So in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on China. And that’s already begun, largely already begun. We will hire more police, increased penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. We will defend religious liberty, free speech, the right to life, and the right to keep and bear arms.

Donald Trump: (43:27)
We will maintain America’s unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength. And that’s what we have now, with what we have. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency. That’s bigger than healthcare. You watch. Already signed, kicks in on January 1st. Lower drug prices even more. We signed favored nations. That means we’re going to get the lowest price anywhere in the world. Right now, we’re by far the highest. And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. And NASA is the number one space center anywhere in the world again. It was a mess three and a half years ago. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore patriotic education to our school.

Donald Trump: (44:35)
We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, “In God We Trust.” For years, you had a president who apologized to America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America, and standing up for the great people of Nebraska and Iowa. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and get your coworkers. Get your boss and say, “Boss, get out of here, boss. Get out and vote. You got to vote.” The red wave is coming. The great red wave. Now we’re doing very well. Those early ballots…

Donald Trump: (45:38)
You know the whole ballot hoax. You see what’s going on. There’s so many bad things happening, but we’re doing very well. You know, we’re supposed to be a little behind, and they were a little bit above. But that wave comes, and now we go to the front of everything. I think we’re going to win everything. We didn’t come this far and fight this hard to surrender our country back to the corrupt Washington swamp. So on November 3rd, we must finish the job that we started. We have done a job like nobody. There has been no administration, nobody, and it’s us all together. There has been… No administration has done in the first three and a half years what this administration has done. Not even close. Not even close. Not even close.

Donald Trump: (46:34)
From Norfolk to Hastings, from Grand Island to Lincoln, and from Scottsbluff to right here in Omaha, we inherit the legacy of Nebraska patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the ocean, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world. And the best is yet to come. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together, we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We’re going to keep on fighting, and we’re going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together with the incredible people of Nebraska and Iowa, we have made America powerful again. We have made America wealthy again. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you Nebraska. Thank you Iowa. Thank you both. Thank you. Get out and vote.
Donald Trump: (04:15)
Wow. Thank you very much. Thank you. I feel so guilty you’re waiting out here in the rain. They gave me a hat. I said, “You know, they’ve been waiting out here for hours. I shouldn’t put on a hat,” right? They even said, “Sir, we have the car, it’s going to take you from the beautiful Air Force One,” isn’t that a beauty? But, “They’re going to take you from Air Force One.” I said, “I got to walk it.” I mean, these people are tough. They’re from Lansing, they’re from Michigan, I got to walk it. I got to walk it. Don’t give me the umbrella, I’m soaking wet already.

Donald Trump: (04:55)
But hello Lansing. Hello, Michigan. This was the scene of a great victory. Remember that? Four years ago, “Donald Trump has won the state of Michigan.” That was big. It hadn’t been done in decades, but I don’t know if you saw the poll that just came out, we’re up three in Michigan. I think we’re up a lot more, you know, they give you the fake polls. I think we’re up a lot more. We’re going to have a great red wave people that want to go out and vote. They want to go out and they want to touch. They want to vote. It’s a great red wave. It’s happening in Florida. We’re up in Florida, up four, up four.

Donald Trump: (05:44)
I’m watching these guys, they way talk, “The poll, oh,” they’re down 25 in Michigan. I said, “No, we’re going to win Michigan.” No. No, I kid when I say 25, but they put numbers, they’re called suppression, suppression polls. They make you like, feel badly, so you said to your wife, or you said your husband, “Darling, let’s go out to dinner and then we’ll come back. We love our president, but you know, the polls say he can win.” Well, right now we’re leading in almost everywhere. The real … We’re leading almost everywhere

Donald Trump: (06:20)
Now I’ve got to say, I’m working my ass off here. Sleepy, Joe, the guy goes to his basement. He’s got another lid. He goes to the basement, the lid, right? That’s the garbage can, they put a lid on you. No, yesterday we had three big ones, really big. In Pennsylvania was incredible. The crowds were incredible, like this, they’re all packed. They got people outside, I see people in the streets. It’s crazy.

Donald Trump: (06:52)
I always say to my people, “Why don’t you just get a bigger airport? Get a bigger …” Well, these are better than the arenas because our rallies are bigger than they’ve ever been, and the arenas, even if it’s 18,000 people, we’ve had 40, 45 50. You can’t hold them. And you know what’s nice? You get out of the plane, you say a few words, you go back to the plane, you say, “Bye-bye. Vote for me.” But that’s actually what Democrats do. They say, “Vote for me,” and they’re lovely to you for a few months before the election, and after the election, it’s … They’re gone.

Donald Trump: (07:27)
Nobody’s done for Michigan what I have, you have car plants being built all over, and you didn’t have a plan built in 42 years. You have them all over. I tell Japan, I tell Germany, “No, we’re not interested, go and build plants,” and I always suggest to Michigan because I have to tell you, I think of cars, I think of Michigan.

Donald Trump: (07:47)
When I got the Man of the Year, I got Man of the Year at Michigan, a long time ago, like 12 years ago, nothing to do with politics. They wrote, “Man of the Year.” I came here and I gave a big lecture on the fact, I said, “Mexico is stealing your plants. They’re going to Canada, they going to …” you lost 32% of your car production. I said, “What the hell is going on?” It turned out to be quite a controversial acceptance, but I felt that, it’s probably the number one reason that I’m standing here because of trade and have we turned that around.

Donald Trump: (08:19)
Seven days from now, we’re going to win the great state of Michigan, and we’re going to win four more years in the White House. By the way, there has never been a campaign …

Donald Trump: (08:47)
There has never been a campaign, in the history of this country … First of all, there’s never been a movement like this, there’s never been. But there’s been a campaign, and we had the record. You know, the record was four years ago that has had more enthusiasm or bigger crowds than there’s ever been. Don’t forget, they may have a crowd that’s a big crowd the night before an election, you know? But not really. There’s never been. This is … Thank you. Thank you, that’s really nice.

Donald Trump: (09:24)
A phrase, I really, I say, I don’t think they’ll find it because look at all of them back there. Look at them. Look, oh! Hello, John Roberts. He’s been very nice to us. John Roberts has been very nice to us. Thank you John. But John has never been a phrase, “We love you,” in the history of politics. I don’t care where you go and it happens, and I love you too. I do. I love you too. That’s why we’re here.

Donald Trump: (09:56)
But there’s never been anything like this in terms of enthusiasm, in terms of crowds. I saw Obama this morning. He had a couple of cars, they’re honking their horn, and then I saw sleepy Joe, so he came out yesterday, right? And you’re going to see this. He came out yesterday and he made a speech and then they had a rip of off the stage because he had lost it because he’s gone.

Donald Trump: (10:19)
Once again, Michigan is going to answer the call of history and show the world that sleepy Joe Biden, his dark money donors and his corrupt special interests, and by the way, there’s never been anything like this. He goes into a country and the family walks out with billions of dollars, millions and millions of dollars.

Donald Trump: (10:43)
Then the press isn’t allowed to report. The press doesn’t report it. They don’t cover it. The New York Times, The Washington Post, they don’t cover it. CNN …

Donald Trump: (10:54)
You know, I introduced the great justice of the Supreme court last night, right? They say, it’s the most important thing a president can do. I say maybe military, but regardless, we’ve rebuilt our military like nobody would ever believe. But you know what? It’s one of the most important … Especially because this turns the court, they had a whole thing, the most important thing in 50 years, and CNN and MSDNC didn’t cover, they didn’t cover it. They wouldn’t cover. They just couldn’t. Even though their ratings go through the roof. 60 Minutes had very good ratings the other night, a fake report, but the ratings go through the roof.

Donald Trump: (11:35)
But they didn’t cover my introduction. Can you believe that? My introduction of a woman that’s going to be there hopefully for 50 years, as far as I’m concerned. And last night we did, we made history and we confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court, and Justice Barrett will defend our rights, will defend our liberties and our God given freedom. She’s going to be fantastic and she’s a terrific person.

Donald Trump: (12:08)
Joe Biden, Kamala, do you like Kamala? Do you like her to be your vice-president? I don’t know. If he gets elected, three weeks into his presidency, they’ll say, “Kamala, you’re ready? Let’s go.” That’s why they’re talking about the … That’s why they’re talking about the 25th amendment, right? Three weeks. Three weeks in, Joe’s shot, “Let’s go Kamala, are you get ready?” Most liberal person in the Senate.

Donald Trump: (12:36)
She makes Bernie Sanders look like a serious conservative. This will not be … We can’t let it happen. This will not be the first woman president. You can have a woman president, but this will not be the first woman president. That’s a lot of cameras back there. That’s right.

Donald Trump: (13:06)
They’re all screaming, Ivanka. You know, Ivanka? You know, she’s great. She just loves to … She’s out campaigning today, doing really well. But she could be very happy, her husband’s here, Jared Kushner, he’s making peace in the middle East. He’s here. Where’s Jared? Where’s Jared? We got to find him. He’s never around too much. He doesn’t want any accolades, but he’s done something nobody else has done, he’s leading peace in the middle East without blood. Find Jared. He doesn’t want to be outside, he’s Mr. Inside, but he’s smart.

Donald Trump: (13:45)
But Ivanka she’d be very happy just being a home with the kids and we got her working, and you know who’s making a speech today? The first lady, she’s out in Pennsylvania. People love our first lady. Our first lady is doing a great job. I mean, she got the plague from China. So did I. So did Barron. Barron recovered in about 12 minutes. “How are you feeling Barron?” “Okay.” “What was the problem Barron?” “I don’t know, I didn’t think I had a problem.”

Donald Trump: (14:17)
The doctor told me, “Sir, your son has tested positive.” I see him like 12 seconds later, “Doctor, how’s he doing?” “He’s he’s all better.” Doctor did you give him one of those miracle cures?” ” No, sir. He just recovered.” Hey, young kids have a very strong immune system. Nobody even knew it. Get your children back to school, get them back to school.

Donald Trump: (14:45)
I mean your governor’s a disaster. They got to open up this state, and she’s got to keep her husband away from sailing and fishing. The only one that’s free in your state is her husband. No, it’s no good. That’s no good. You can’t do it. Joe Biden, Kamala Harris. Of course, she has it the reverse. She’s got the, “In the Harris …” And he actually said it didn’t he? “In the Harris-Biden.”

Donald Trump: (15:17)
You know, I have a great vice president and we all do. I want to give him tremendous credit, but I will never say, “In the Pence-Trump administration,” I will never say that. But he says it. That’s because he doesn’t have any clue where he is. You saw that and the radical Democrats want to pack the Supreme Court with far left Justices who won’t shred our constitution, abolish the second amendment, terminate religious liberty, shield violent criminals, and regulate your economy into oblivion. You will have a depression.

Donald Trump: (15:52)
If he gets in, he’s going to raise your taxes at a level that nobody’s ever seen. He is the first candidate I’ve ever seen who is running on a promise that, “I will raise your taxes.” I’ve never heard that one. I’ve been involved in followed and studied politics for a long time. He’ll be the first one. “I will raise your taxes massively.” It’s going to be the biggest tax increase in history. I’ve never heard of that one before, I like running against that guy.

Donald Trump: (16:22)
This election is a matter of economic survival for Michigan. Look what I’ve done, we’ve all done together for this state. This state, you’re building cars again, and if your union leaders weren’t in the pockets of the Democrats, because we get the vote, but they got these guys that just … They come to the White House., They’re so nice to me, nice to me, but they go for the Democrats every time for a certain reason. Someday, we’ll talk about it. But the people, the workers, are for us. So the workers for me.

Donald Trump: (16:56)
Biden’s plan to abolish the entire us oil industry, you saw that? Will cripple our nation and send us into an absolute deep depression. You see what he did with fracking? “There will be no fracking. There will be no …” No, he doesn’t say it that way. He goes, “There will be no fracking. There will be no fracking.” But he said it for like a year, and then he got to Pennsylvania where we’re leading, but we’re going to put it … See that big, beautiful screen. We’ll have it up there. It saves me a lot of words, that screen is great. It costs a fortune. We only bring it to very important location like Michigan.

Donald Trump: (17:37)
But then you can hear it in his own words. You don’t say, “Oh, the president’s exaggerating.” No, he said, “No fracking, no fracking. No fracking.” Then he goes to Pennsylvania, a million jobs, fracking. It’s a big part of their economy. A big part of your economy from the standpoint of energy, right? And gas. How do you like the gasoline prices at $2, right? It’s amazing.

Donald Trump: (17:59)
As they go up, you produce fewer and fewer cars. Well, I got you down to the lowest level, you are so lucky I’m President. I’m going to give another major tax cut after already having passed the largest tax cut in the history of our country. We were giving a very big middle income tax cut.

Donald Trump: (18:18)
Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless ridiculous foreign wars in countries you’ve never even heard of for the most part. They’re all coming back. You know that? They’ve been coming back, but our soldiers are all coming back.

Donald Trump: (18:39)
We’re all over the place. We’re all over that. We’re in places that even the top people in the country have never heard of these places. Biden was a cheerleader for NAFTA. You got killed by NAFTA. A catastrophe for the auto industry and for your state. Following NAFTA, one third of the auto jobs left and they went to Mexico and Canada, but they went to Mexico.

Donald Trump: (19:06)
Biden, enthusiastically voted for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization fueling the rise of China on the backs of Michigan workers. What China has done, there has been nothing, nothing, nobody, no country, there has been no country that has ripped us off for 25 years, 30 years like China. Hundreds of billions of dollars a year flows into China and I put big fat, beautiful tariffs on China. We took in tens of billions of dollars. Nobody else did it.

Donald Trump: (19:44)
And when they targeted our farmers, I told the farmers, “Don’t worry about it,” and we gave him 28 billion, which is the amount they were targeted. We don’t have too many farmers in this crowd. We gave him $28 billion, our farmers, everybody’s happy with that. You got about three farmers here, but you got a lot of manufacturers. Remember when …

Donald Trump: (20:03)
… But you got a lot of manufacturers. Remember when Obama said there’ll be no more manufacturing? You’d need a magic wand? Well, we had 700,000 manufacturing jobs. You’d need a magic wand. Altogether, half of all auto manufacturing jobs in Michigan were wiped out, think of that. After the Biden-backed NAFTA and China disasters, China became powerful because of the World Trade Organization. It became powerful, a terrible, terrible thing for our country. And then Biden goes around saying, well, no, China’s good for us. No, no, no. They haven’t been.

Donald Trump: (20:37)
How have they been? No, I don’t think so good. And then the plague on top of everything else, we got the plague sent in. He repeatedly tried to slash Medicare and Social Security. People didn’t even know. Decade after decade, Biden has twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers, and workers all over the United States. You don’t have to take my word for it. We have Joe on tape. Please roll the tape.

Joe Biden: (21:08)
My problem is I voted for NAFTA. I’m supporting NAFTA because I think it is a positive thing to do, and I do not pretend to be an expert on international trade matters.

Bernie Sanders: (21:20)
Trade agreements like NAFTA and permanent normal trade relations with China, which forced American workers to compete against people who are making pennies an hour has resulted in the loss of 160,000 jobs.

John King: (21:32)
The president is absolutely right when he says that China has been cheating for 25 years and that Bill Clinton dune didn’t do enough about it, George W. Bush didn’t do enough about it, Barack Obama didn’t do enough about.

Joe Biden: (21:42)
A rising China is an incredibly positive development for not only China, but the United States and the rest of the world. A rising China is a positive, positive development. It is in our self-interest that China continue to prosper. We want to see China rise. China’s a great nation and we should hope for the continued expansion. China is not our enemy. We talk about China as our competitor, we should be helping. The idea that China is going to eat our lunch is bizarre. The idea they are our competition, they’re going to beat us is bizarre. They’re not bad folks, folks.

Joe Biden: (22:23)
China’s not a problem.

Speaker 1: (22:25)
Allowing China into the World Trade Organization, which you supported, extending most favored nation status to China, which you supported, those steps allowed China to take advantage of the United States by using our own open trade deals against us.

Joe Biden: (22:45)
No.

Speaker 1: (22:45)
Do you think in retrospect that you were naive about China?

Joe Biden: (22:48)
No.

Speaker 1: (22:49)
Doesn’t he deserve some credit for that? It’s better. The USMCA is better than NAFTA.

Joe Biden: (22:53)
It is better than NAFTA.

Joe Biden: (22:57)
I have never said I oppose fracking.

Donald Trump: (23:01)
You said it on tape.

Joe Biden: (23:02)
I did … Show the tape, put it on your website.

Donald Trump: (23:05)
I’ll put it on.

Joe Biden: (23:05)
Put it on the website.

Dana Bash: (23:08)
Would there be any place for fossil fuels, including coal and fracking in a Biden administration?

Joe Biden: (23:15)
No, we would work it out. We would make sure it’s eliminated. I guaranteed we’re going to end fossil fuel. No more, no new fracking. I’d gradually move away from fracking.

Kamala Harris: (23:28)
And I think it’s critically important on day one that we end any fossil fuel leases on public lands.

Speaker 2: (23:35)
What about states stopping fracking and stopping pipeline infrastructure?

Joe Biden: (23:39)
Yeah. New pipeline, exactly.

Kamala Harris: (23:41)
There’s no question I’m in favor of banning fracking.

Speaker 3: (23:44)
I have one final question ..,

Donald Trump: (23:45)
Would he close down the oil industry? Would you close down the oil industry?

Joe Biden: (23:49)
I’ll have a transition from their oil industry, yes. I will transition.

Donald Trump: (23:53)
That’s a big statement.

Joe Biden: (23:53)
That is a big statement.

Donald Trump: (23:54)
In terms of business, that’s the biggest statement because …

Speaker 3: (23:58)
Okay. We have one final question.

Donald Trump: (23:58)
… Basically what he is going to destroy the oil industry. Will you remember that Texas? Will you remember that Pennsylvania, Oklahoma?

Speaker 3: (24:05)
Vice president.

Bernie Sanders: (24:10)
Well, may I ask you a question, Joe?

Joe Biden: (24:12)
Yeah.

Bernie Sanders: (24:12)
You’re right here with me.

Joe Biden: (24:13)
Yeah.

Bernie Sanders: (24:13)
Have you been on the floor of the Senate? You were in the Senate for a few years.

Joe Biden: (24:17)
Yeah.

Bernie Sanders: (24:18)
Time and time again talking about the necessity with pride about cutting Social Security, cutting Medicare, cutting veterans programs?

Joe Biden: (24:27)
No.

Bernie Sanders: (24:27)
You never said that?

Joe Biden: (24:28)
No.

Joe Biden: (24:29)
When I argued that we should freeze federal spending, I meant Social Security as well. I meant Medicare and Medicaid. I meant veterans. I meant every single solitary thing in the government.

Joe Biden: (24:42)
Look, here’s the deal …

Bernie Sanders: (24:43)
You’re an artist. Why don’t you just tell the truth here? We all make mistakes.

Joe Biden: (24:46)
I am telling the truth.

Joe Biden: (24:46)
And I not only tried it once, I tried it twice, I tried it a third time and I tried it a fourth time.

Bernie Sanders: (24:52)
Joe, let me repeat it again. I want you just to be straight with the American people. I am saying that you have been on the floor of the Senate time and time again talking about the need to cut Social Security, Medicare and veterans programs. Is that true or is that not true?

Joe Biden: (25:13)
No, it’s not true.

Bernie Sanders: (25:13)
That is not true?

Joe Biden: (25:13)
That is not true.

Joe Biden: (25:14)
I meant veterans. I meant every single solitary thing in the government. Everything was on the table. I did not support any of those cuts in Social Security or in veterans.

Bernie Sanders: (25:24)
Whoa, Whoa. Everything was on the table. All right, you’re right. You just said it, including in your judgment cuts to Social Security and veterans.

Joe Biden: (25:33)
In order to get the kinds of changes we need on other things related …

Bernie Sanders: (25:38)
Joe, but you just …

Joe Biden: (25:39)
But we did not cut it. I did not vote for it.

Bernie Sanders: (25:40)
I know because people like me helped stop that. Although I would say to the American people go to YouTube, it’s all over the place. Joe said it many, many times. I’m surprised you can defend or change your mind on it, but you can’t deny the reality.

Laura Ingram: (25:57)
Now to be fair, maybe Biden’s not telling us because he’s forgotten his own plans. Watch Biden’s staff quickly swoop in to shuffle him along during a quickie escape the basement trip to Pennsylvania.

Joe Biden: (26:13)
Here’s the deal, one of the things that that is important is that keep in mind, although they’re going to vote on that, I think, today.

Laura Ingram: (26:32)
That was terrifying.

Joe Biden: (26:33)
What kind of country we’re going to be, four more years of George, George … Going to find ourselves in a position where if Trump gets elected, we’re going to be in a different world.

Donald Trump: (26:54)
The whole thing is crazy. Is that crazy? Is that craziest race? There’s that craziest race. Our country cannot be put in that position. We have too much going, too much potential.

Crowd: (27:11)
Four more years! Four more years! Four more years! Four more years! Four more years! Four more years! Four more years!

Donald Trump: (27:23)
We cannot be put in that position, so you got to do what’s right. Because one thing we know President Xi of China is not like that. President Putin of Russia. There’s nobody been tougher than Russia. Nobody had been tougher than me to Russia. They want me to lose so badly. He’s not like that. Kim Jong Un. Remember, we’re going to be in a war with North Korea. What happened? What happened to the war? Kim Jong Un not like that. They’re top of the game. And most of the leaders, top of the game. We can’t have that. We can say, hey Xi, that’s wonderful.

Donald Trump: (27:56)
But we can’t have that. We can’t have that. We have too much potential. We’re going to have the greatest year ever next year. We had the greatest year we’ve ever had. We had to stop it. We learned about the disease. We saved two million lives. Remember, it was going to be 2.2 million people were going to die. That was the model. We saved two million lives. And now we understand we protect our seniors, but we can’t have that. In 2016, Michigan voted. That’s a lot of people. Look at it as far as. I’m hearing the sound. It sounds like it’s from 20 miles away.

Donald Trump: (28:38)
It almost is. Thank you. Thank you. In 2016, Michigan voted to fire this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as president who is finally putting America first. We’re putting it first. And a lot of times, because I’d become friendly with many of the presidents and prime ministers, kings and queens, dictators, I must tell you, dictators. But I’ve become friendly with a lot of them. And they say two things, it’s incredible what you’ve done with the economy. They always say that. They always say it, no matter what.

Donald Trump: (29:19)
They say we have done the most incredible job and they always start off by congratulating me. The next question is they want to buy our military equipment because we make the best equipment anywhere in the world. And sadly, with many of these nations who are not that friendly, we have to say no. Does that make sense? Does that make sense? Anyway, I don’t sound like a politician because I’m not a politician. I never wanted to be a politician. I became a politician for one very specific reason because we’re doing a job in the history of our country in the first three and a half years, nobody has done what we, what we, and this administration has been able to do with regulations, with taxes, with rebuilding our military, with strengthening our borders.

Donald Trump: (30:09)
By the way, our border, the strongest it’s ever been. We’re building 10 miles a week. The wall is almost finished. They don’t want to talk about the wall. Remember that’s all they talked about was the wall. The wall is never going to get built. It’s never going to get built. Then I got it built. That’s almost completed. They don’t want to talk about it. And Mexico is paying for the wall. Remember that please. If I don’t always play by the rules of Washington and the Washington establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for you and I fight harder than any president has ever fought before.

Donald Trump: (30:50)
One of the biggest issues for Michigan, as you know, is this race. And then this whole thing, it’s the race. It’s all the subject of refugees and what’s happening with refugees and where are they coming from. Biden as pledged, and you saw what happened the other day in France. Biden has pledged a 700% increase. This was done in the manifesto with Bernie Sanders. Crazy Bernie. He’s crazy. Is he crazy or what? But we love him because we got a big pile of his people last time with crooked Hillary. And they’re going to come again because we’re right on trade.

Donald Trump: (31:28)
One thing Bernie Sanders understood, our country was being ripped off on trade by our allies and our foes, okay, by everybody. And he got it. He couldn’t do anything about it, but his people came over, large percentages of people. People find that hard to believe, but they understood trade. Biden has pledged a 700% increase. This is in conjunction with crazy Bernie and AOC plus three, who knows less about this stuff than any human being on earth. But she does have a good line of crap. A 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous terror hotspots on the planet, including Syria, Somalia.

Donald Trump: (32:12)
When I think of Somalia, I think of Omar, Omar, Ilhan, Ilhan Omar, who truly does not like our country. We are going to win Minnesota because of Omar, because of Omar. She likes telling us what we should do, how we should run our country. Isn’t that nice? Omar. No, we’re going to win. She hates our country and we’re going to win also because the national guard went in, should’ve been called a lot sooner. But the national guard went into Minneapolis and it was a beautiful sight. It took what? 22 minutes? It was over after a week and a half of destroying Minneapolis.

Donald Trump: (32:58)
So I think between Ilhan Omar, Ilhan Omar and really what happened with respect. We stopped it. They should’ve called us a week and a half early. We’re going to win Minnesota first time since, think of that, first time, I don’t want to guarantee. I don’t want to guarantee anything. I’m a little bit superstitious, but I want to tell you, they like us. They like us in Minnesota and how the hell she gets elected I cannot understand it. His policies will turn Michigan into a refugee camp. It’s true. She goes, I know. You’re right about that. Who said that?

Donald Trump: (33:38)
Right? She just said, I know. Everybody knows. He’s also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans. I got a travel ban. I said I want to ban. I took a lot of heat. You remember that right at the beginning. Because if it’s okay with you, I don’t want to have people that want to blow up our country. I don’t want to have people that want to kill our people. So we instituted a travel ban and it was rejected by the first court, rejected by the second court. Ultimately, it was approved by the US Supreme court. We have a travel ban.

Donald Trump: (34:09)
And now if we have countries that want to do harm to us, if we have people that want to do harm, we say stay the hell out. It’s very easy. We got a travel ban. And we’re not going to open the flood gates to radical Islamic terrorism. We’re not doing it. I’ve ended the influx of refugees from terrorists regions, you know that, and I’m keeping the jihadists and the violent extremist the hell out of our country, if that’s okay. Now maybe you want them, I don’t know. Maybe you want them. Maybe Michigan, let’s take a vote. Would anybody like them to come to the wonderful state of Michigan?

Crowd: (34:51)
No!

Donald Trump: (34:51)
Okay. I thought I knew you pretty well. No, it’s not easy doing this stuff, and it’s very unpopular. People go after you, but you have to do it. You have to do … Ultimately, I do what’s right, and people understand it. People understand it. Together, we will continue to protect American families, fight for American workers, support our police, defend our second amendment, which has been under siege. If I were not your president, you wouldn’t have a second amendment right now. Secure our borders and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the beautiful phrase made in the USA.

Donald Trump: (35:40)
And by the way, do I look soaking wet? Because the media is going to get on me. They’re going to say, he looked like hell today. He didn’t look good. His hair was terrible. It was all horrible. He looked bad. He looked bad. He looked like he was sweating. Does he have a fever? No, it’s 32 degrees out here and it’s freezing and it’s raining, and I’m just trying to keep up with the tough people of Michigan. That’s all. See, I was going to ask you permission to put the hat on. No. Here, take it. That’s a good hat. It’ll be on eBay. It’ll be on eBay tonight. We will deliver record prosperity, epic job growth, and a safe vaccine that eradicates the virus and quickly ends the pandemic. And we’ve done things that nobody believed we could do. And the vaccines are coming right around the corner. And if I weren’t here, it would have taken two, three, four years before you had this stuff. It’s happening now, greatest companies in the world doing it. Normal life will fully resume, and that’s what we want. We want normal life, normal life. Take us back. Take us back seven months ago. We want normal life.

Donald Trump: (37:05)
We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. That’s what we want, normal life. Just think of it. That’s all we want. If we didn’t have the plague come in from China, it wasn’t even going to be like we had an election. The only bad part is I probably wouldn’t be standing out here in the freezing rain with you. I’d be home in the White House, doing whatever the hell I was doing. I wouldn’t be out here. And we’re going to do other great places after this. You know that, right? This is stop number one. I’ll get off the plane, at least you with the first stop.

Donald Trump: (37:38)
Because I’ll get off the plane, and they’ll say, he looks like hell. What happened to our president? Look at these people. What happened to our president? He looks terrible. This election is a choice between a Trump super recovery or a Biden depression. You’re going to have a depression, your 401(k)s down the tubes. Look how great our stock market, had a little blip yesterday because Nancy Pelosi will not approve stimulus. That’s all. But it’s a choice between a Trump boom or a Biden lockdown, but you’re already locked down. I mean, this state, we got to get her going.

Donald Trump: (38:21)
I don’t know. We got to get her going. I don’t think she likes me too much.

Crowd: (38:26)
Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up!

Donald Trump: (38:41)
See, I don’t comment to that because every time if I make just even a little bit of a nod, they say the president led them on. Now I don’t have to leave you on. Even a little nod, they say the president said, right? They asked me that question are crazy 60 Minutes. Wasn’t she rude? She just kept asking me questions. And then they interviewed sleepy Joe, and it was like, everybody just fell asleep. And they got great ratings. That’s unfortunate. They got such good ratings that they’ll want to do it again and again.

Donald Trump: (39:14)
But no, wasn’t that terrible, the difference? One is anger, craziness, fire coming out of her eyes. I look, she sits down. She said, are you prepared for tough questions? I said, just be fair. Just be fair. No, no. I mean tough questions. And I … This is the way it starts. With Biden, it’s hello, Mr. Vice President. How about did you see the reporters out? He was walking around with ice cream. What flavor is it? I don’t know. I don’t know. No, he knew. He said he had vanilla and I said, I don’t get … See those killers back there. I don’t get soft questions like that, but I was being interviewed by somebody.

Donald Trump: (40:03)
I had a group of-

Donald Trump: (40:03)
But I was being interviewed by somebody. I had a group of terrible, terrible people. Sometimes I’ll do an interview just to see if it’s so bad, because I can do very good. I can answer the question. I take all the smiling, all the fun. I just boom, boom, boom. Nobody can do that. Boom, boom, gave him a perfect interview. And then I realized it’s hopeless with these people. And I looked at him, and we’re in the Oval Office. I say, “You know, you’re very unfair. You’re very dishonest. You’re corrupt people. But you know what? We’re in the Oval Office. I’m here, and you’re not.” I’m here, and you’re not. And I sent them on their way, and then I read the article the next day. It was terrible. It bore no relationship to what I told them, but these are minor details. It’s a shame. You know, if we had an honest media, this country would come together so fast. It’s true.

Donald Trump: (40:58)
We have, not all of them, but they’re some of the most corrupt people on earth. They are. And you see it, you see it with the Biden corruption. They don’t even want it. They won’t cover it. They won’t talk about it, and that includes Big Tech, section 230. Section 230. Does anybody know about Section [230 00:01:18]? It’s a choice between our plan to kill the virus or Biden’s plan to kill the American dream. That’s what he wants to do. He wants to lock you all up. Let’s stay locked up. So I caught it, but I said, “Hey, I mean, I was given options. I could’ve stayed in the basement of the White House for a year and a half, but I’m your president. I can’t do that. I can’t do that. I can’t stay in the basement of the White House. I can’t stay in a beautiful bedroom upstairs for a year and a half. I’m your president.” And I’d go to meetings, and there’d be a lot of people at those meetings.

Donald Trump: (41:53)
And they’d say, “This perhaps is dangerous. I don’t know, this perhaps…” And then one day, “Sir, our great White House physician, White House doctor, he’s here today.” Sean, where’s Sean? Is he around? He’s become more famous than I am, White House doctor. I saw so many doctors when I was in that bed. I said, “Doctor, I don’t feel good.” I had more great doctors, more talent than you’ve ever seen. They were lying around that. I told this story, they’re lying. 12, 12 doctors, Johns Hopkins, all of them. Walter Reed is so incredible. The medical military hospital, the doctors, they really are great, but there were a lot of them. I said, “I don’t feel great, Doc. I got to be honest with you. It’s been a long time, but I don’t feel great.” And they grabbed me, every one of them. They grabbed different parts of my body, and they all were specialists.

Donald Trump: (42:43)
They were specialists. And the bottom line is I took something… Regeneron, which we’ll make it available to everybody that needs it, free. And Eli Lilly makes something very similar, and we have things that we didn’t even know about. Think about six months ago. And I don’t know if it was the strength of me. I’d like to give me full credit. I don’t want to give the drug… I was telling somebody the other day, “I don’t want to give the drug any credit.” I want to say, “Because I am a very young person that’s in perfect physical shape, I took that virus and I woke up the next morning and I felt like Superman.” It’s true.

Donald Trump: (43:28)
I wanted to get out of there. I said, “Doctors, get me the hell out of there. Get me out.” But it’s true. No, great doctors. But we know things that we didn’t know. We didn’t know. We had no idea about much of this stuff. And you see mortality rate, you see where that is now. And people go in, you get better. They say you have immunity, that you can go in. I could jump… See this crowd right here? I could jump right in. I could give every woman and every man… I’d even kiss the men. I could give every woman and every man right here a kiss, and I wouldn’t catch it. I have immunity. And until I came along, you used to hear, “You have immunity for life,” right?

Donald Trump: (44:06)
As soon as I had it and got better, they were not too happy about that. And they said, “The speed… This guy got better.” But you know what? As soon as I had it, I got better. I said I had immunity. It was supposed to be for life. When it was me, they said it’s only good for four months. Okay. Anybody else, it’s for life. With Trump, they said it was four months. So they brought it down now, immunity, from life to four months. And you know now with them, you can’t watch anything else. You turn on… COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID. Well, we have a spike in cases. You ever notice, they don’t use the word death. They use the word cases, cases. Like, “Barron Trump is a case.” He has sniffles. He was sniffling. One Kleenex, that’s all he needed. One, and he was better. But he’s a case.

Donald Trump: (44:55)
He’s a case, Barron Trump. Young people cases… And you know why we have so many cases? Because we test more, so we go around and they’re… By the way, we’re testing very young people, too. We’re testing people in school. We’re testing everybody. In many ways, I hate it. In many ways, I hate it. We test everybody, and because of that… Now, if I tested half… If I said, “We are going to cut our testing down in half,” they’d go crazy, because the cases would go down in approximately half. And then we’re going to cut it down in half once again. And there are other countries that don’t do testing, and they show very few cases. I mean, it’s a very simple thing, but overall it’s good to have the testing. We find out where it is, and there are a lot of things. But they use it to make us look bad, but here’s the story. It’s COVID, COVID, COVID. You can’t watch anything else. On November 4th, you won’t be hearing so much about it.

Donald Trump: (45:49)
November 4th. On November 4th, you’ll hear, “It’s getting better. It’s getting better.” You watch. No, no, they’re doing heavy COVID because they want to scare people, and people get it. I’ll tell you, they understand these people better than… You are smarter than most of the political people in this world. [inaudible 00:46:11] very smart. No, November 4th, you’ll see there’s a big difference. And I’ll tell you what. You know what else is going to happen on November 4th? Your governor, your governor at the urging of her husband who has abused our system very badly, the only man allowed in the state of Michigan, the only man allowed to go sailing is her husband. Now, your governor, I don’t think she likes me too much. Hey. Hey, hey, hey. I’m the one… It was our people that helped her out with her problem. I mean, we’ll have to see if it’s a problem. People are entitled to say, “Maybe it was a problem [inaudible 00:06:48].” It was our people, my people, our people, that helped her out, and then she blamed me for it. She blamed me, and it was our people that helped her. I don’t get it. How did you put her there? How did you put… How’s John James doing? Good? That’s good. Oh, he’s… I didn’t even know he was here. John. Wow, is that nice? Wow. I didn’t even know. See, I’m thinking about you and I don’t even know you’re here, John. I picked him out of a group of people they all had loaded up with money. John had money, he’s successful. Where he was really successful is in the military. He could pilot a helicopter better than anybody, I hear. And I said, “Who the hell is that guy?” It’s true. I saw John. I saw John. That’s in honor of John.

Donald Trump: (47:55)
No, no, no. Here’s what happened, real quick. I saw John. I saw four people, a different position… He’s running for a different thing. He did great, by the way, but I saw four rich guys. And I saw John and I said, “Go back.” The world’s greatest invention. Not television, TiVo, because without TiVo, television is useless. So I say, “Who is that?” I don’t know, I think his name’s John James. I said, “Do me a favor. Go back.” Now, the other guys had a lot of money. They were spending a lot of money. I think four guys, four guys… I said, “That guy… I’m pretty good at this stuff. That guy can be a star.”

Donald Trump: (48:38)
I called him. I spoke to him. I endorsed him. The four rich guys will never talk to me again, but that’s okay. They were [gonezo 00:08:48]. That was the end of them. And he ran a phenomenal race. And now I’m hearing, John, that you’re actually leading. He’s running against the guy, Peters. Think of it. John James is running against a Senator, US Senator, that nobody has ever heard of before, even in Washington. Peters. I said, “Who the hell is Peters?” He’s a Senator from Michigan. Nobody’s ever heard of him. I’ll tell you what. If one thing comes out of this small group of thousands of people, vote for John James.

Donald Trump: (49:25)
He’s a great guy, but I’m going to introduce him in a second. If Biden and the Democrat socialists are elected, they will dismantle your police departments, dissolve our borders, indoctrinate your children, and destroy the suburbs. You know, they were talking about suburban women don’t like Donald Trump. I said, “I think they do. I think they do.” I got rid of a regulation that will destroy the suburbs. I got rid of it. I said, “Ben Carson, let’s do it, Ben,” and we did it. Nobody else would do it. And if Biden ever got in, if he ever came in, it would come back and you could forget about the suburbs. And one thing I know about suburban women… Well, I was supposed to do badly with women the last time, remember? At the end, they called it that night. They said, “Donald Trump…” At the beginning, they said, “No, he won’t win because he doesn’t do well with women.”

Donald Trump: (50:19)
I said, “Really? Tell me about that.” And then… This guy goes, “only Rosie O’Donnell”. Who said that? You? What are you, a comedian or something? So they said, “Donald Trump, it will be a very short evening.” They were very happy about that, and then we started winning. We won Florida, we won Georgia. We won South Carolina and North Carolina. We ran all three. Then we won Michigan. We won Michigan. We won Wisconsin. You know, they were coming. We won Pennsylvania. Anyway, at the end of the evening, they were analyzing it. They said, “You know what? Donald Trump did great with women.” [inaudible 00:51:06]

Donald Trump: (51:06)
And that’s going to happen again, because women, suburban or otherwise, they want security. They want security. They want safety. They want law and order. They have to have law and order, and we’re going to do great. And I love women, and I can’t help it. They’re the greatest. I love them much more than the men, much more than the men. So I’m saving suburbia. I’m getting your kids back to school. Get your kids back to school. You know, we won that big Supreme Court case against your governor, so what the hell happened? Why isn’t it open? It’s still not open. You know, we sued. We won the case. What are they appealing? She’s appealing the case. Hey Governor, let your state open. Get your kids back to school, Governor. Not a good governor. And you know what else? I’m also getting your husbands… They want to get back to work. They want to get back to work. We’re getting your husbands back to work, and everybody wants it.

Donald Trump: (52:07)
And the cure can never be worse than the problem itself. And let me tell you, when she keeps everybody locked up like a prison, your drugs and alcohol and abuse and suicide, and so many things, so many bad things are happening. She’s got to get it back. And this goes for Pennsylvania. You have a Democrat. All Democrats… You have a Democrat governor. Goes for North Carolina. We’re doing great in both. We’re winning both of those states. You have a governor in each one, and you have a couple of others. Look at what’s going on in New York with Cuomo. It’s horrible. It’s like a ghost town, and the crime is way up. And California has to open up. California has to open up. I mean, what are you going to do? I see people today, store owners, they don’t know what to do. They’re going to be arrested if they open up their little small business. They can’t survive. It’s a horrible thing that’s going on. Get your states opened up. And this governor should get her state opened up.

Donald Trump: (53:06)
The last administration nearly extinguished the US auto industry from the job… Killing it, almost. The job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership, and I ended it. I stopped it. To their horrendous Korea trade deal, that was a Hillary Clinton special. Remember, she said, “We will produce 250,000 jobs if we sign this deal,” and she was right for South Korea. They produced the… They got them. You didn’t get them. To the outrageous fuel economy standards where they’re making it impossible to build a car in this country. It’s outrageous. We sued California. We sued a lot of people, because we can build a better car, a safer car, a more important car for a lot less money. Think of that. Better, better looking, safer, little heavier, for a little bit more fuel, a little bit more. You’re talking about a glass, a little bit more fuel. And that will take 10 and 15 and 20-year old versions off, you know, the gas guzzlers, out of the…

Donald Trump: (54:09)
Overall, environmentally, it’ll be so good. And we’re suing California. Think of it, a better car, a safer car, and you’ll save $3,500 a car. And we actually have a lawsuit on this. We’re going to build better, cheaper, safer, and we actually have a lawsuit. I mean, it’s not even believable. Over a little glass of… Because the difference between an engine that works and doesn’t work is a half a glass of fuel, and we have plenty, as we’ve proven. We’re the number one in the world. We have plenty of gasoline. We have plenty of gasoline, and it would be great for your car business. And frankly, your car business, they ought to get in gear, because they’re so afraid of the environmentalists. You know, they’re so afraid. Oh, I don’t know. I mean, they’re willing to spend thousands more to build a car.

Donald Trump: (54:59)
I say, fellas, are you sure? There are a couple of them that are very smart that like what I say. I’ll tell you who the smart ones are some day. I reversed each and every one of those Obama-Biden disasters, and now Biden wants to reinstate all of them. Everything that we’ve knocked out in terms of regulations that would take 20 years to build a highway, we have it down to 2 years. To get the approvals would take 20 years, even longer. We have it down to 2. I want to get it down to 1, and it may get rejected for environmental or safety reasons. I want to get it down to 1. But you have to see what we’ve done is a miracle, and that’s one of the reasons it’s been so successful. I also ended the NAFTA nightmare and replaced it with the brand new USMCA. And the USMCA is expected to create tens of thousands of auto jobs that include powerful productions to keep your auto lines going. Wait till you see what happens. It’s just kicking in right now, and one of the biggest beneficiaries will be a state named Michigan.

Donald Trump: (56:04)
And when General Motors went bankrupt, Biden and Obama threw the workers of the Delphi corporation to the wolves. Anybody from Delphi here? Because somebody, if you’re here, you got to like Trump, because we’re working on getting their pensions taken care of, because they were taken advantage of. You know about that. I signed an order to restore the pensions and healthcare benefits promise to workers in Wisconsin, Ohio, and Michigan. So they were treated very badly, and so were you. I will never let anyone rip off our great American worker. I will not do it. Joe Biden’s made a corrupt bargain exchange for his party’s nomination. He has handed control of his party over to the rage-filled socialists, Marxists, and left-wing extremists. If Biden wins, the flag-burning radicals on the streets will be running your government, like in Portland. The anarchists, the Antifa. Hey, Antifa…

Donald Trump: (57:05)
You ever notice, they never want to go after Antifa? Nobody wants to take on it. They all want to go after anybody, but they don’t want… And I keep saying, “Well, how are we doing with Antifa, the anarchists?” This Election Day, you must stop the anti-American radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the far left a thundering defeat. We have to make this… You have to get out there on Monday, Tuesday, Sunday, I don’t care, today. You have to get out there and vote. Most of you are going to vote because you believe in voting, like I do. I just left. I just voted two days ago. I voted. I went to a booth, and they actually asked me, “Sir, may I please have your identification?” But no, they’re right in doing it. I gave her a passport. “Sir, do you have additional identification?” [inaudible 00:57:53] Come on, what are you doing? You’re going to embarrass me here. This is crazy. No, she was great.

Donald Trump: (57:58)
I mean, I’ll tell you what. There’s no cheating with that. You go to a place, they want identification, they want this. You fill out your form, they walk you over to a machine, you put it in. I mean, these ballots, it’s turning out to be exactly what I said. You see what’s going on. Who’s sending them? Where are they going? Who’s sending them back? Who’s signing them? Now they want to have unverified signature. One of the governors wants to have no signature at all, just send it back. What a horrible thing, especially since I see so… You know, I watched it so closely this time when I voted. It was so professional. You go in, and most of these people, the Red Wave, generally speaking, you go… If not Tuesday, Monday, whatever, how many people are going to vote? How many people?

Donald Trump: (58:46)
How many people have already voted? All right, good. You’re sort of a late state. That’s good. That’s good. Pennsylvania’s a very… They all vote that last day, but they go. They want to go to a polling booth. You’re like that. Everybody, look. This is the most important election in the history of our country, or I wouldn’t be standing here like this. Everybody, you got to go out and vote. You got to go out and vote. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. You’ve seen that. He wants to send your jobs to China while his family rakes in millions of dollars from the Chinese Communist Party and other places. If Biden wins, China wins. And by the way, China will own the United States. You saw that clip up there. They will own it. China’s wonderful. There has never been anyone or anything or any country that has ripped us off like China. We will win, you will win, Michigan will win, and America will win. You got to go and vote.

Donald Trump: (59:58)
So, we’re joined today by some great warriors. I introduced one, but I’ll introduce-

Donald Trump: (01:00:03)
… some great warriors. I introduced one, but I’ll introduce him again, because he’s so important, and that’s John, but representatives Jack Bergman, John Moolenaar, Tim Walberg. They’re incredible. I’ll tell you what, they have been with me right from the beginning, right fellas? They like you, they like you. Michigan House Speaker, Lee Chatfield. Lee. Young guy, Lee. A young guy. RNC Chairwoman, who by the way, ran my Michigan campaign four years ago, Ronna McDaniel. She ran it so good that when we won, I said, “I have the person, the head of the Republican Party,” I said, “I want to get somebody.” I said, “You know what I’ll do? Get me the woman that won Michigan. What the hell is her name?” Her name’s Ronna. Good. She would call me, I’d come. I’d make a speech, I’d leave. Call me the next day.

Donald Trump: (01:01:09)
“Sir, you have to come back. You have to come back. You have to come back.” I said, “Look, I’ll do it one more time.” Because Michigan, hadn’t been one in 36 years. I said, “Look, I’ll do it one more time. That’s it.” I came back. She said, “That’s it, sir. Don’t worry about it.” I left. Two days later, I get a one more phone call. “Sir, one more visit.” And we did. Do you know, Michigan was the last stop that I made. I made it in Grand Rapids, Michigan. It was one o’clock in the morning. Crooked Hillary had come in with Barack Hussein Obama. And they came in together with Bill Clinton actually and all of them. And it was unscheduled. Meaning they found out they had a problem, right? It was unscheduled. They got here at seven o’clock. They had 500 people. I got here at one o’clock in the morning. Started speaking at one in the morning in Grand Rapids. We had 32,000 people. True.

Donald Trump: (01:02:09)
And remember, think of this, it was now election day. So it’s now election day. In fact, I got home, and our future first lady said to me, “Are you crazy?” You know, I get it. I got home at four in the morning, but Ronna did a fantastic job. Right? Congressmen are we doing okay? Are we winning here?. The great John James is going to win?

Donald Trump: (01:02:41)
Michigan GOP chair Laura Cox is terrific. Thank you. Thank you. How are we doing Laura? Are we up? They said two points. That’s not enough. We’ve got to get a little more than that. They said two points today. The great Ted Nugent. Ted. Ted. Great, Ted. He’s the only one really dressed properly. Thank you, Ted, very good. Great job. We appreciate it Ted. The president of the Police Officers Association of Michigan, Jim Tignanelli. Jim. He’s like central casting. Jim, central casting.

Donald Trump: (01:03:24)
Candidates for Congress. Some really good ones. Paul Young. Paul Young. Good, Paul. You’re doing well, I hear. Good, Paul. And the next US Senator, from the great state of Michigan, the legendary John Jay. I’ll tell you, he’s working so hard. Just keep working, John, keep working. We built the greatest economy in history, and now we are doing it again. We increased middle-class family income over $6,000 more than five times, again, think of this five times again, in all eight years under the last administration. African American unemployment, Hispanic American unemployment, and Asian American unemployment all reached their lowest levels, ever recorded. Think of that, what we had going and we had to close it up and now we’re opening it again to record.

Donald Trump: (01:04:26)
Since April, we created a record 11. 4 million jobs. For decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars and defending foreign borders. But now we are finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities and we are bringing our jobs, our factories, and our troops back home to the USA. Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure border in United States history. That’s what we’ve done. It’s an amazing thing what we’ve done. My opponent’s insane immigration plan would completely eliminate US borders. They don’t want to have borders. Without a border, you don’t have a country. By implementing a nationwide catch and release. You catch a criminal, murderer, rapist and you release them into our country. And then he’s supposed to come back for a trial in two years.

Donald Trump: (01:05:25)
And we had the argument during the debate. Did anybody see the debate the other night now? It was quite a debate. He would make every community into a sanctuary city for violent criminals. My administration is finding the illegal immigrant and the criminals gang members, the MS-13 killers, and we are either putting them in jail or sending them back home. And their home has to take them. They didn’t used to take them. We invested $2.5 trillion into the US military. Much of it’s spent in Michigan and we have the finest, greatest equipment anywhere in the world. We are the envy of the world. Russia, China, there’s no country. We are the envy of the world. The best equipment to the world, all made in the USA.

Donald Trump: (01:06:16)
We also pass VA choice and VA accountability. We killed the leader of ISIS al-Baghdadi and we took out the world’s top terrorist, Soleimani is dead. I withdrew from the last administration’s disastrous Iran nuclear deal, 150 billion, 1.8 billion in cash. What a stupid deal. And the first call I get, if we win, we got to win, first call I get will be from Iran. They’re going to want to make a deal so badly, because their economy is in tatters. I recognize the true capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. And instead of never-ending wars, we are forging peace in the middle East. A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American dream. That’s what it is. Abraham Lincoln. Abraham Lincoln was a Republican.

Donald Trump: (01:07:20)
Over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, this state right here. And we will end our reliance on China once and for all. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. We will maintain America’s unrivaled. military might, and we will ensure peace through strength. Our military is now the strongest it’s ever been by far.

Donald Trump: (01:08:07)
When I first came in, they told me, “Sir, we have no ammunition.” That’s a true story. And no president should ever hear that again. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, already signed January 1st, lower drug prices, even more, and we will always protect patients with pre- existing conditions. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our school. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God We Trust.

Donald Trump: (01:09:05)
For years, you had a president who apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of Michigan. See, now Biden would do that, and he’d say for the great people of… How many times did he do that? Seven? Standing up for the great people of Iowa. “Sir, sir, it’s Michigan.” There’s no recovery from that, right? When you do that, you just walk off the stage, right? I always say the great Winston Churchill, he was a great orator, even if Winston Churchill did it, he would just walk off the stage. But he didn’t do that. But sleepy Joe does it a lot. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your co-workers. Don’t let the radicals win. Get out and vote.

Donald Trump: (01:10:05)
Most important election, I believe. And I never thought I’d say this, because of what happened four years ago, this is the most important election in the history of our country. On November 3rd, we must finish the job and drain the swamp once and for all. We’ve got a long way, from Midland to Mackinaw, from Pontiac to Battle Creek, great things, and from Detroit to right here in Lansing, we stand on the shoulders of Michigan patriots, who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation. This is the state where Henry Ford invented the assembly line. Think of that. So much, so much has been done in Michigan. It’s the place where General Motors, Chrysler and Kellogg revolutionized entire industries. Think of that.

Donald Trump: (01:11:03)
Michigan gave us Motown, the Mustang and the unrivaled might of the American Midwest, the American Midwest. We got it all. I think I got every single vote in the America, I like the Midwest. We made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world. And the best is yet to come. That’s true. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, with the incredible people of Michigan, we have made America powerful again, our military. We have made America wealthy again, 401ks, keep them nice and hot. I don’t want to see you throw them out. These things aren’t worth anything. Your 401ks are just about at an all-time high. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you Michigan, go out and vote. Go out and vote.

